Place potatoes in a medium pot and add cold water to cover by 1"; season with salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until fork-tender, 15–20 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid. Return potatoes to pot; add 2 Tbsp. cooking liquid and 2 Tbsp. oil and lightly mash. Season with salt. Keep potatoes warm over low heat until ready to serve.
Combine leeks, thyme, garlic, and milk in a medium wide saucepan. Season generously with salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook until leeks are just beginning to soften, 6–8 minutes. Gently slide cod into infused milk and poach until flesh is cooked through and beginning to flake, 7–9 minutes (adjust heat as needed to maintain a low simmer; thicker pieces of fish will take longer to cook).
Divide warm potatoes, leeks, and cod among shallow bowls. Spoon some poaching liquid over each. Drizzle with oil; season with pepper.
Prepare a grill for medium heat; oil grates. Finely grate 1 tsp. lemon zest directly onto halibut and lightly drizzle with oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill halibut, turning once, until browned on both sides and just opaque in the center, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, hearts of palm, and 1/4 cup oil in a medium bowl; squeeze in 2 Tbsp. juice from lemon and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
Toss basil into tomato salad. Serve halibut with tomatoes and dressing spooned over.
Cook bacon in large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 6 minutes. Transfer to paper towels. Crumble bacon.
Whisk flour and next 3 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Whisk buttermilk, eggs, and 3 tablespoons maple syrup in medium bowl to blend. Add buttermilk mixture to dry ingredients; stir just until blended. Fold in 1/4 cup melted butter and crumbled bacon.
Preheat waffle iron (medium heat). Lightly brush waffle iron with melted butter or spray with nonstick spray. Working in batches, spoon batter onto hot waffle iron, spreading evenly over grid. Close waffle iron and cook until waffle is brown, crisp, and set, about 6 minutes, depending on type of waffle iron. Transfer waffles to plates. Serve with maple syrup.
Coat steaks all over with pepper. Mix mayonnaise, mustard, and horseradish in small bowl for dressing. Cover steaks and dressing separately and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day.
Toss thinly sliced mushrooms and lemon juice in medium bowl to coat evenly. Sprinkle lightly with salt. Brush heavy large skillet generously with oil and heat over medium-high heat. Add steaks and cook to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to plate; let stand 15 minutes. Cook bacon in same skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using tongs, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain.
Place roll bottoms on plates; spread with dressing. Slice steaks thinly and divide among rolls. Top with bacon, mushrooms, and arugula. Cover sandwiches with roll tops and serve.
In a large skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it stir-fry the beef for 1 minute, or just until it is no longer pink, and drain the beef in a sieve. In a bowl whisk together the Worcestershire sauce, the lime juice, the cayenne, the sugar, the soy sauce, and the garlic paste, add the beef, and stir it to combine it well with the dressing. Stir in the scallion and the coriander, divide the mixture between 2 plates, lined with the lettuce leaves, and garnish the salads with lime wedges.
Pour enough water into large roasting pan to reach depth of 2 inches; set near stove. Pour enough water into large nonstick skillet to reach depth of 1 1/2 inches; add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to simmer. Crack each egg into separate custard cup. Working with 4 eggs per batch, gently slide 1 egg at a time into simmering water in skillet. Cook just until egg whites are set, about 1 minute (yolks will be only partially cooked). Using slotted spoon, carefully transfer eggs to prepared roasting pan with water. Reserve skillet with water. DO AHEAD: Poached eggs can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat; add fat trimmings and sauté until light brown and fat renders, about 3 minutes. Add red onion to skillet and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Add cabbage and chopped root vegetable mixture and sauté 5 minutes. Transfer vegetable mixture to bowl; stir in corned beef and potatoes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add beaten eggs and toss to coat.
Melt butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add corned beef hash mixture and cook until golden brown on bottom, occasionally pressing down with spatula, about 4 minutes. Turn hash mixture over in small portions and cook until second side is golden brown, occasionally pressing down with spatula, about 3 more minutes.
Meanwhile, bring water in reserved skillet to simmer. Using slotted spoon, gently transfer eggs back to skillet. Cook just until yolks are softly set, about 2 minutes.
Divide corned beef hash among plates. Top hash with one or two poached eggs and serve.
Combine lemon and lime juice, hot sauce, olive oil, oregano, and salt in a large bowl. Add onion, jalapeño, and poblano chile and toss to combine. Let marinate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour while you prepare the rest of the dish.
Combine cornichons, mayonnaise, parsley, capers, tomato powder (if using), vinegar, chili powder, and salt in a small bowl.
Whisk flour, cornstarch, oregano, onion powder, tomato powder (if using), garlic powder, and 3 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Add club soda and quickly whisk to incorporate.
Pour canola oil into a large skillet to a depth of 1/4". Heat oil over medium-high until shimmering, hot, and an instant-read thermometer registers 350°F. Dip fish into batter to coat, shake off excess, then fry until golden, crispy, and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Work in batches if necessary and adjust the heat as needed to keep oil at 350°F. Transfer to paper towels and season with salt.
Strain the slaw and discard liquid. Transfer slaw to a medium bowl.
Spread 1 Tbsp. tartar sauce on both sides of each bun and place tomato slices on bottom halves. Divide fried fish and slaw among sandwiches and add top halves of buns.
Slaw can be made, strained, and refrigerated up to 1 day ahead. Tartar sauce can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.
Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add the onion and sauté for about 2 minutes, or until wilted and slightly aromatic but not browned. Add 1 tablespoon of the saké and deglaze the pan, scraping up any browned bits. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the onion to cool to room temperature.
In a bowl, combine the beef, panko, and egg. Add the miso and the cooled onion and knead with your hands to ensure even distribution. The Japanese will often gather the meat mixture, lift it, and throw it back with force into the bowl, repeating this action 4 or 5 times — a bit like baseball practice. Although the mixture will be fairly soft, the pitching ensures the meat mass will hold together. Divide the meat mixture into 4 equal portions, and shape each portion into an oval patty about 4 inches long, 2 1/2 inches wide, and 3/4 inch thick.
Add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil to the same skillet you used to sauté the onion and place over medium heat. When hot, add the patties and sear on the first side until browned, about 1 minute. Flip and sear the second side, pressing to flatten. The surface may crack a bit, but this is of no concern. Lower the heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon saké, cover, and cook for 5 to 6 minutes for medium-rare. To check for doneness, press the meat with your fingertip or the back of a spoon. It should feel fairly firm. Then, poke a patty with a toothpick. The juices should run slightly pink. For a well-done burger, cook, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes. When pressed, the meat will feel very firm and juices will run clear.
In a small bowl, combine the sugar and hot water and stir to dissolve the sugar. Add the soy sauce and stir again to mix thoroughly. Return the skillet to high heat and pour the soy mixture into it, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula to make sure all the sugar is added. Shake the skillet to coat the beef patties, and flip them once after a minute to make sure they are evenly glazed.
Serve the burgers hot, spooning any extra sauce on top.
Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 350°F. Pulse pumpkin seeds in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet and toss with panko. Toast until lightly browned, 10–12 minutes. Transfer to a large plate and stir in 3/4 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper; wipe off sheet.
Meanwhile, cut each fillet in half lengthwise. Slice each piece on a diagonal into 3/4" strips. Whisk eggs, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 1/2 tsp. chili powder, 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a medium bowl. Set wire rack into rimmed baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray.
Dredge each piece of fish in mayonnaise mixture, then roll in pumpkin-panko mixture, pressing to adhere. Arrange in a single layer on prepared rack. Spread corn with remaining 1/4 cup mayonnaise. Sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tsp. chili powder, 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper and arrange on second baking sheet. Place baking sheet with fish on upper rack of oven and corn on lower rack. Bake fish until opaque and flesh flakes apart when pierced with a paring knife, 18–22 minutes, and bake corn, turning once halfway through, until tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, working one at a time, warm tortillas with tongs directly over a gas burner, turning them often, until lightly charred and puffed in spots, about 1 minute per side. (If you don't have a gas stove, wrap tortillas in foil and heat in a 350°F oven until warmed through, or wrap in damp paper towels and microwave in 20-second bursts until warm.) Transfer to a plate and cover with a kitchen towel to keep warm.
Divide fish among tortillas and top with cabbage, avocado, cilantro, jalapeños, and hot sauce. Serve with corn and lime wedges alongside.
The night before you want to serve the waffles, combine the flour, sugar, yeast, and salt in a large bowl. Stir in the milk, then the melted butter and the vanilla if you’re using it, until just combined. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside overnight at room temperature. (Of course you can do this in the morning if you want waffles for supper.)
When you’re ready to bake, brush the waffle iron lightly with oil and heat it. Stir the egg yolks into the batter. Beat the whites until they hold soft peaks, then fold them gently into the batter until it’s relatively smooth.
Spread a ladleful or so of batter onto the waffle iron and bake until the waffle is done, usually 3 to 5 minutes, depending on your iron. Serve immediately or keep warm for a few minutes in a 200°F oven. If you’re making them ahead, store at room temperature in an airtight container and warm them in a 300°F oven for about 5 minutes just before serving; or freeze them in single layers, separated by sheets of parchment, and reheat in a 350°F oven for 8 to 10 minutes.
Whole Grain Overnight Waffles:
Replace some or all of the all-purpose flour with any whole grain flour (whole wheat, oat, quinoa, kamut, or fine cornmeal, for instance) or combination of flours.
Whisk shallot, 1 teaspoon lime juice, lime peel, vinegar, and honey in small bowl. Whisk in 2 tablespoons oil. Season vinaigrette to taste with salt.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Pierce sweet potatoes in several places with fork. Place on sheet of aluminum foil and roast 30 minutes. Turn potatoes over and roast until soft, about 20 minutes longer. Let stand until cool enough to handle. Scoop flesh into processor; discard skins. Puree sweet potatoes until smooth. Add 3 tablespoons butter, thyme, nutmeg, and remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice; process until blended and smooth. Add milk; process to blend. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette and potatoes can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and chill. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature and rewhisk before using.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Place brussels sprout leaves on rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Spread leaves out in even layer. Roast until almost all leaves are brown in spots and crisp, tossing occasionally, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and cook 30 seconds. Reduce heat to medium and add remaining 2 tablespoons butter to skillet. Continue to cook fish until edges appear opaque, occasionally basting by spooning juices in skillet over, about 4 minutes. Turn fish over. Cook until just opaque in center, about 2 minutes.
Rewarm sweet potatoes in microwave in 30-second intervals until heated through, stirring occasionally. Divide sweet potatoes among plates. Arrange fish alongside and drizzle vinaigrette over. Sprinkle brussels sprout chips over and serve.
Floral, subtly spiced Chehalem 2008 "3 Vineyard" Pinot Gris, Oregon ($19).
Lightly grease the bottom and sides of a 9x13-inch baking dish, then line it with foil or parchment paper.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, duck fat, sugar, and salt on medium speed until pale and fluffy, 1–2 minutes. Add the egg and continue beating until combined. Turn off the mixer, add the flour, and pulse on low speed until a dough just comes together.
Scrape the dough into the prepared pan and spread into an even, ½-inch-thick layer. Use a sharp, thin knife to lightly score the surface into 3x1-inch rectangles (do not cut all the way through), then use a skewer to poke 2 holes into each rectangle.
Refrigerate until the dough is chilled solid, 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325°. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake, rotating once halfway through, until the dough is set and just barely browned at the edges, 16-18 minutes.
While the shortbread is still hot, use a thin knife to neatly slice into rectangles. Let cool completely in the pan before removing and serving.
Combine onions, vinegar, and sugar in medium bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let stand until onions are soft, tossing occasionally, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.
Place bottom halves of rolls on work surface. Sprinkle with cheese. Top each with 3 tomato slices, then 1/4 of roast beef. Top each with 1/2 cup watercress, then 1/4 of pickled onions. Cover with tops of rolls. Cut each sandwich in half.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix butter, herbs, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper in a small bowl.
Fold parchment sheets in half and use scissors to cut halves into 4 large hearts. Unfold and place parchment hearts open on a work surface. Spoon 1 Tbsp. herb butter in the center of one half of each heart, then divide snap peas, tomatoes, and garlic evenly into small piles over butter. Lay fish over vegetables, then top with 1 Tbsp. herb butter; season each with 1/8 tsp. salt and a pinch of pepper. Fold parchment over and crimp edges tightly to form a sealed packet.
Transfer packets to 2 large rimmed baking sheets, arranging in a single layer. Bake until just cooked through and a tester inserted through parchment slides through fish easily, about 13 minutes. Carefully cut open packets (steam will escape). Top with basil.
Butter can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Fish packets can be assembled 4 hours ahead; chill. Let sit at room temperature 15 minutes before cooking.
Soak skewers for 30 minutes. Puree cilantro, garlic, soy sauce, orange zest, sriracha, fish sauce and sugar in a food processor. Transfer marinade to a resealable plastic bag; add beef. Seal bag, toss and set aside up to 30 minutes. Combine dipping sauce ingredients in a bowl. Thread 4 pieces of pepper and 2 beef strips on each skewer, alternating beef and peppers. Coat grill rack with cooking spray; heat grill to high; cook until meat is no longer pink, about 3 minutes.
Press the tofu: Set a large plate or cutting board in a large baking dish to catch excess liquid. Set the tofu on the plate, then place a second, similarly-sized plate or board on top of the tofu. Press by placing about 10 pounds of weight on top–the tofu should flatten out only slightly, not be completely crushed–a heavy pot or two 5-pound bags of flour work well. Set aside for at least 2 hours or overnight.
Process and season the tofu: transfer the pressed tofu to a large bowl and, using a food mill or potato masher, crush the tofu until it is a consistent, smooth paste. Add the scallions, mushroom bouillon, corn, and white pepper and mix until well-combined.
Make the tofu balls: Divide the mixture into tablespoons and roll into tightly-packed balls by cupping your hands and gently moving them in an alternating clockwise motion to smooth out any cracks. Place the tofu balls on a plate or a baking sheet and set in the refrigerator, uncovered, while you make the spicy aioli and the flour paste.
In a small bowl, combine the mayo or aioli and Sriracha, then set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine the flour, 1¼ cup water, and mushroom bouillon. Stir well with a fork until no lumps remain. In a separate medium bowl, combine the rice flakes and half of the dry cornstarch. Remove the balls from the fridge. Drop them, one at a time, in the flour paste. Using a kitchen “spider” strainer, a slotted spoon, or one hand, lift the balls from the paste and shake off any excess paste before dropping them in the rice flake mixture. Use your dry hand to roll the balls in the flakes to fully coat. Gently clench the balls to pack adhere as many flakes as possible. When the flakes begin fall off the balls, mix in the remaining cornstarch to dry the mixture and keep going. Set the balls back on the baking sheet while you get ready to fry.
Cover a large plate with a few layers of clean paper towels and set it by the stove. In a heavy bottomed pot, add 2 inches of oil and set over high heat. Set a deep-fry thermometer in the oil and bring to 350°F. Fry the balls in batches until the flakes puff up bright green and any exposed tofu turns a slight golden color, 3–4 minutes. Use a spider strainer or a slotted spoon to remove the balls from the oil, and transfer to the paper towels to drain while you continue frying. Transfer the balls to a serving plate, drizzle with some of the spicy aioli and serve immediately with more spicy aioli on the side for dipping.
Create an herb bundle (bouquet garni): Place the thyme sprigs, celery, and bay leaf in a neat pile, then secure them together by wrapping tightly crosswise with a piece of twine. Set aside.
In a large pot, add the ventrèche, beans, potatoes, sliced garlic, carrots, leeks, onion, turnip, cabbage, the bouquet garni, a tablespoon of kosher salt, and the peppercorns. Add 2 quarts of fresh water, cover the pot, and bring the liquid to a boil over high heat. Once boiling, lower the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and continue to cook until the vegetables are tender and the beans are nearly tender, 50–60 minutes. Take the duck legs by the ankle and use them to stir the pot a few times before dropping them into the soup. Continue cooking until the beans are tender and the duck meat easily falls off the bone when poked with a fork, 25–30 minutes. Let the glossy skin slip off into the soup, then remove and discard the bones, and break the meat into smaller pieces.
When ready to serve, prepare the garnish: In a medium skillet, warm the duck fat over medium heat. Add the Jambon de Bayonne in batches and cook in a single layer, turning once, until lightly browned and crispy, about 4 minutes per side.
Rub each slice of bread with one of the garlic halves and distribute the slices between 6 wide, shallow soup bowls. Ladle the soup over the bread. Drape a slice of griddled ham atop each bowl and serve immediately.
Heat chocolate chips and 4 tablespoons cream in microwave in 1-cup glass measuring cup at 50 percent power just until chocolate is melted, about 30 to 35 seconds. Stir to blend; cool chocolate sauce to lukewarm. Whisk mascarpone, amaretto, sugar, and remaining 2 tablespoons cream in medium bowl until blended and mixture just starts to thicken.
Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out round from each angel food cake slice. Place 1 cake round in each of 4 wine goblets or old-fashioned glasses. Top each cake round with 3 banana slices, 1 heaping tablespoon mascarpone mixture, bittersweet chocolate sauce, and sprinkling of almonds. Repeat parfait layering 1 more time and serve.
Preheat oven to 300°F. Place salmon in a baking dish and rub with lemon zest, oregano, salt, and pepper on all sides, then coat with oil. Arrange peppers around salmon. Bake until salmon is firm but still pink in the center, about 20 minutes (if you prefer salmon more well done, cook an additional 5 minutes).
Set a steamer basket in a large pot filled with 2" water. Cover pot and bring water to a boil. Add potatoes, cover, and steam until tender, 10–12 minutes. Add asparagus to potatoes, cover, and steam until crisp-tender, 3–5 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk oil, lemon juice, honey, salt, pepper, and 1/4 cup dill in a small bowl or measuring cup. Toss escarole with half of the dressing in a large bowl, then transfer to a serving platter.
Toss potatoes and asparagus with remaining dressing in same bowl, then arrange over escarole. Flake salmon into large pieces and arrange on platter. Top with feta, peppers, and dill sprigs.
Heat a griddle or large skillet over medium-low heat while you make the batter.
Mix together the dry ingredients. Beat the eggs into 1 1/2 cups of the milk, then stir in the 2 tablespoons cooled melted butter if you’re using it. Gently stir this mixture into the dry ingredients, mixing only enough to moisten the flour; don’t worry about a few lumps. If the batter seems thick, add a little more milk.
Use a little butter or oil each time you add batter, unless your skillet is truly nonstick. When the butter foam subsides or the oil shimmers, ladle batter onto the griddle or skillet, making any size pancakes you like. Adjust the heat as necessary; usually, the first batch will require higher heat than subsequent batches. The idea is to brown the bottom in 2 to 4 minutes, without burning it. Flip when bubbles appear in the center of the pan-cakes and the bottoms are cooked; they won’t hold together well until they’re ready.
Cook until the second side is lightly browned, a couple more minutes, and serve or hold on an oven-proof plate in a 200°F oven for up to 15 minutes.
Sourdough Pancakes: This requires a sourdough starter, but if you have one this is a good place to take advantage of your foresight. Substitute 1 cup sourdough starter for half the flour; reduce the milk and salt by half, the baking powder to 1/2 teaspoon, and the egg to 1. Mix the starter, flour, and 1/2 cup of the milk to a medium-thin batter; let sit for an hour. Just before cooking, stir in the salt, sugar, and baking powder; then beat in the egg.
12 hours before you plan to cook the dish, soak the beans: In a large pot, cover the beans with several inches of cold water and refrigerate overnight.
The following day, drain the beans, discarding the soaking liquid. Rinse well and return the beans to the large pot. Cover them with an inch of fresh water, set over medium-high heat, and bring to the boil. Boil until a cap of foam forms over the beans, about 15 minutes, then drain the beans through a colander and rinse again. Return the beans to the pot, cover them with another inch of fresh water, and set over medium-high heat. Bring to a low boil and cook, skimming off any foam that appears, for 45 minutes. Add the ground marigold, kondari or thyme, cayenne, half of the chopped cilantro, and half of the onions. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, 45–50 minutes, adding more water as necessary to keep the beans covered by an inch of liquid.
Meanwhile, in a small skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. As the foam begins to subside, add the remaining onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are softened and light golden, 12–15 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.
In a mortar and pestle or a food processor, pound or pulse together the whole marigold petals and the coriander seed. Add the garlic and pound or pulse to break up the garlic. Add the parsley, celery leaf, and remaining remaining cilantro, pounding or pulsing until the mixture is a coarse paste. Pound or pulse in the ground walnuts, fenugreek, and salt until well-combined and set aside.
When the beans are tender, reduce to medium-low heat and stir the paste into the pot. Add the sautéed onions and the sour plum sauce or lemon juice and cook, stirring frequently, 10 minutes more. Taste for seasoning, divide into serving bowls, garnish with marigold leaves (if using) and serve immediately, either hot or at room temperature.
1. Let meat stand at cool room temperature about 45 minutes before roasting.
2. Preheat oven to 450°F.
3. Put roast on a metal rack in a roasting pan (fat side up) and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.
4. Add about 1/4 inch water to bottom of pan and put roast in middle of oven. Immediately reduce temperature to 350°F and roast meat until an instant-read thermometer inserted in center registers 120°F. Cooking time will vary—it will be anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes per pound—depending on size of roast. (120°F means rare, which is traditional for beef on weck. Internal temperature of meat will rise about 5°F as roast stands.)
5. Let roast stand, loosely covered with foil, 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.
Carefully lower eggs into a small saucepan of gently boiling water; cook 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water and let cool; drain. Peel eggs; thinly slice.
Toss lettuce, cucumber, onion, smoked trout, quinoa, oil, capers, and 1 Tbsp. lemon juice in a large bowl to combine; season with salt and pepper.
Mix yogurt, lemon zest, and remaining 2 tsp. lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt. Divide lemon yogurt between 2 bowls and mound salad over. Top with egg slices and dill.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, whisk the yeast, 2 cups cold water, and 1 tablespoon plus 1 ½ teaspoons olive oil.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. Slowly add the flour mixture to the yeast mixture, beating on the lowest setting until a dough forms and becomes elastic and smooth, about 5 minutes. Mix in 1 tablespoon of oil, then turn off the mixer.
Grease a large bowl lightly with olive oil, and transfer the dough to the bowl. Drizzle a little oil over the dough, spreading it to coat. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm spot until the dough has doubled in size, about 90 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375°. Using the palms of your hands, or a rolling pin to help if necessary, stretch and spread the dough out onto a clean work surface into an even rectangle, about 14x16 inches in size. Position it with a long side facing you, then layer the garlic, mozzarella, salami, and basil across the bottom ¾ of the dough, leaving the top quarter of the dough empty. Roll the bottommost quarter of dough over some of the filling, then repeat twice until all of the filling is enclosed; pull the empty flap of dough over the rest. Press to seal the dough and enclose the filling on all sides.
Line a clean baking sheet with parchment paper. Scatter the tomatoes around the top of the stromboli and press them gently into the dough. Sprinkle the rosemary and sea salt over the top of the dough and transfer to the oven. Bake for 20 minutes, then rotate the pan in the oven and repeat. Flip the stromboli on the baking sheet and bake for 5 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly before slicing and serving.
Combine the walnuts, garlic, coriander seed, fenugreek, 1 teaspoon salt, cilantro, basil, mint, dill, chilli (if using), ¼ cup of water in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until you have an even, spreadable paste. If the mixture seems too dry, thin with up to 3 additional tablespoons of water.
Sprinkle each eggplant slice with a little salt on both sides and place in a large bowl for 30 minutes to draw out some of the water. Drain the slices in a colander and rinse well under cold running water. Squeeze each slice carefully to remove excess liquid, then pat dry with paper towels.
Line a baking sheet with several layers of dry paper towels and set by the stove. In a large, deep skillet, add enough oil to come up ½ inch and set over medium-high heat. When the oil is hot (350°F on a deep-fry thermometer), add a single layer of eggplant slices to the pan. Don’t crowd them or the oil temperature will drop and the eggplant will become greasy. Fry until golden, 3–4 minutes per side, then use tongs or a slotted metal spoon to transfer them  to the lined baking sheet. Continue frying the rest of the slices in batches.
When the eggplant is cool enough to handle, spread a tablespoon of the walnut paste onto each slice, then roll them up up and transfer to a serving platter. Sprinkle with pomegranate seeds, fresh herbs, and additional salt if you like.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Place strawberries, sugar, and salt in a glass baking dish. Scrape in vanilla seeds, add pod, and stir to combine. Roast, stirring occasionally, until juices are bubbling, 15–18 minutes. Let cool slightly and discard pod.
Whisk flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl. Beat eggs, buttermilk, vanilla, and 3 Tbsp. melted butter in a medium bowl with a fork to incorporate eggs. Add egg mixture to dry ingredients and whisk to combine. Batter will be slightly lumpy.
Heat a large griddle or 2 cast-iron or nonstick skillets over medium; brush with butter. Drop batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto griddle. Cook until bubbles form on the surface and pop, and the underside is golden brown, 2 1/2–3 minutes. Flip and cook until lightly browned on the bottom, 2 1/2–3 minutes more. Transfer pancakes to plates or a platter and brush tops with butter. Repeat with remaining batter, brushing griddle with butter as needed.
Serve pancakes topped with roasted strawberries and sprinkled with almonds, if desired.
Mix garlic, lime juice, tequila, and agave nectar in a large bowl. Add pineapple, tomato, onion, radishes, jalapeño, and halibut and toss to coat. Fold in avocado, cilantro, and mint; season with salt.
Chill 10 minutes before serving.
Cook cilantro in a medium pot of boiling salted water until wilted, about 20 seconds. Drain and transfer cilantro to a bowl of ice water. Swish around in water to cool. Drain, then squeeze excess liquid from herbs with your hands.
Purée cilantro, ginger, and 2 Tbsp. water in a blender until almost smooth. With motor running, gradually stream in oil and blend until smooth. Strain cilantro oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl; discard any solids. Mix lime juice into oil and season with salt.
Cilantro oil (without lime juice and salt) can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before adding lime juice and salt.
Process panko in a food processor until very finely ground (it will only take 45–60 seconds). Transfer to a shallow bowl. Place egg yolks in another shallow bowl and whisk in buttermilk. Place cornstarch in a third shallow bowl. Line a rimmed baking sheet with paper towels and set a wire rack inside.
Working with 1 fillet at a time, season with kosher salt on both sides and dredge in cornstarch, shaking off excess. Dip in egg mixture, letting excess drip back into bowl, then coat in panko, pressing to adhere before shaking off excess. Repeat steps to make a second coating. Place on a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining fillets.
Pour oil into a large heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, to come 1" up sides. Heat oil over medium-high until an instant-read thermometer registers 350°F–365°F (Don’t let the tip of the thermometer touch the bottom of the skillet). Carefully lower a fillet along the side of skillet closest to you and let slide away from you into oil. Carefully swirl oil in skillet and cook fish just until golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Using a fish spatula or slotted spoon, carefully turn fish over and cook until golden on the other side, about 2 minutes. Transfer fish to wire rack in prepared baking sheet and season with sea salt while still hot. Repeat with remaining fillets.
Toss cucumbers, fennel, onion, chile, cilantro oil, and a pinch of kosher salt in a medium bowl and top with some cilantro.
Serve fish with cucumber ceviche and lime wedges.
Mix first 6 ingredients and half of garlic in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt. Whisk remaining garlic, tahini, water, and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. Season tahini dressing to taste with salt. Place bread, cut side up, on work surface. Spread red pepper mixture over both cut sides of bread. Sprinkle cheese over bottom half of loaf. Layer half of roast beef over cheese; drizzle with 1/3 of tahini dressing. Layer remaining roast beef over dressing and drizzle with half of remaining dressing. Top with spinach leaves; drizzle with remaining dressing. Press top half of loaf onto spinach. Cut sandwich lengthwise in half, then crosswise into quarters for a total of 8 sandwiches. Wrap each sandwich tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 1 day.
Toss chicken with curry powder, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl.
Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet (at least 12" in diameter) over medium-high. Add onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes.
Purée coconut milk, ginger, and garlic in a blender until very smooth.
Add chicken and coconut milk mixture to skillet and cook, tossing occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and sauce has thickened, 7-10 minutes.
Meanwhile, if using, heat 2 tsp. oil in a small skillet over medium. Add cashews and mustard seeds and cook, stirring, until fragrant and lightly browned, 2–3 minutes. Immediately transfer mixture including the oil to a small bowl.
Fold spinach into chicken mixture and cook until wilted, about 1 minute. Divide among 4 bowls. Top with cilantro and cashew mixture, if using. Serve with rice or naan alongside.
Fill a large bowl ⅔ of the way with hot tap water and set it by the stove. In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and ¼ cup water. Stir to thoroughly moisten the sugar, then set it over medium-low heat. Cook until the mixture boils vigorously, then turns a dark black caramel color, 12-15 minutes. Remove from heat and immediately and carefully dip the bottom of the pan in the hot water bath to stop the cooking process. Return the pan to the stove, add an additional ½ cup of water to the caramel mixture, and return to medium heat, stirring until the caramel dissolves in the water. Once the caramel mixture is thoroughly combined, turn off the heat and set aside to cool.
In a large pan or wok, heat the oil over medium heat until it shimmers. Add the shallots and chilis and cook, stirring constantly, until very fragrant, about 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the aromatics from the oil and transfer to a medium bowl.
Increase the heat to medium-high, then add the pork belly pieces in a single layer, without crowding the pan.  Sear on all sides to lightly brown, 12-15 minutes. Transfer the meat to the medium bowl and pour off and discard any excess oil and fat from the pan. Return the meat and aromatics to the pan, then add the fish sauce, 2 tablespoons of caramel sauce, and the Coco Rico soda, saving the remaining caramel sauce for another use. Stir well and bring to a boil over high heat. Once the mixture boils, lower the heat to maintain a simmer, partially cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and the juices are slightly thickened, about 2 hours.
When the meat is very tender, remove the pan from the from heat and add the peeled soft-boiled eggs, stirring gently to coat each egg with the sauce. Rest for 10 minutes to lightly stain the eggs, garnish with scallions, and serve with steamed white rice.
Heat peanut oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Sprinkle oxtails with salt and pepper. Add oxtails to pot and brown on all sides, about 20 minutes. Transfer oxtails to large bowl. Add onions and next 6 ingredients to same pot. Sauté until vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Return oxtails to pot. Add 12 cups water, beef broth and 3 tablespoons fish sauce. Cover and simmer gently until oxtails are very tender, about 3 hours.
Using tongs, transfer oxtails to large bowl. Strain broth into another large pot; discard solids. Remove meat from oxtails; discard bones. Add meat to broth.
Refrigerate overnight. Spoon solid fat off top of soup. Cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until tender. Drain; rinse under cold water. Return to same pot. Toss noodles with sesame oil.
Bring soup to boil. Divide noodles, sprouts and next 6 ingredients among 6 bowls. Ladle soup into bowls. Serve with lime wedges and additional fish sauce.
*Available at Asian markets and some supermarkets nationwide.
Blend mayonnaise, bell peppers, capers, lemon juice, and salt in a blender, scraping down sides if needed, until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl.
Mix breadcrumbs, pepper, and 1/2 cup red pepper mayo in a large bowl. Gently fold in flaked salmon. Divide mixture into 4 patties about 1/2" thick and 4" wide.
Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick or cast-iron skillet over medium-high until shimmering. Working in batches, cook buns, cut side down, until golden brown and toasted, about 2 minutes. Divide among plates.
Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in same skillet. Cook salmon patties until golden brown and heated through, 2–3 minutes per side. Transfer burgers to bun bottoms. Spread about 2 tsp. red pepper mayo over burgers. Arrange bell pepper strips over, then top with bun to close.
Red pepper mayo can be made 5 days ahead. Store in a resealable container and chill. Burger patties can be formed 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.
