heat chicken and hot sauce in a skillet over medium heat, until heated through. stir in cream cheese and ranch dressing. cook, stirring until well blended and warm. mix in half of the shredded cheese, and transfer the mixture to a slow cooker. sprinkle the remaining cheese over the top, cover, and cook on low setting until hot and bubbly. serve with celery sticks and crackers.
the day before serving, remove the roast from the package, and dry thoroughly with paper towels. set the roast on a baking sheet, and place in refrigerator overnight. remove from refrigerator 1 hour before cooking time to allow meat to reach room temperature. rub the roast all over with horseradish and dijon mustard. in a bowl, mix together the kosher salt, black pepper, thyme, and garlic powder; sprinkle the spice mix over the roast.
preheat oven to 450 degrees f (230 degrees c). place the celery, carrot, and onion pieces into the bottom of a roasting pan. place the roast on top of the vegetables.
roast in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c), and roast until the meat is browned and an instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the roast reads 130 to 135 degrees f (54 to 57 degrees c) for medium-rare. remove from oven, transfer roast to a platter, and cover with a tent of aluminum foil. allow to rest for 30 minutes. temperature of the meat will rise about 10 degrees during resting time.
to make au jus sauce, skim excess fat from the pan drippings in the roasting pan. place the pan over a burner set to medium heat, and stir in the beef base and 1 1/2 cup of water. bring to a boil, scraping and dissolving any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the pan. strain out and discard the vegetables. combine the cornstarch and 1 teaspoon of water in a small bowl, and whisk the mixture into the sauce. allow the sauce to thicken slightly (sauce will be thin), pour into a gravy boat, and serve with roast.
in a shallow glass dish, mix the soy sauce, brown sugar, sherry, sesame oil, ginger, and garlic powder. stir the chicken pieces and pineapple into the marinade until well coated. cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours.
preheat grill to medium-high heat.
lightly oil the grill grate. thread chicken and pineapple alternately onto skewers. grill 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally, or until chicken juices run clear.
season both sides of chicken breasts with garlic salt and pepper.
heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook seasoned chicken breasts until chicken is browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. add onion; cook and stir until onion is browned, 3 to 4 minutes.
pour diced tomatoes and balsamic vinegar over chicken; season with basil, oregano, rosemary and thyme. simmer until chicken is no longer pink and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees f (74 degrees c).
place the diced tomatoes, processed cheese, chicken meat, sour cream, green onion, taco seasoning, and jalapeno pepper into a slow cooker. cook on high, stirring occasionally until the cheese has melted and the dip is hot, 1 to 2 hours. stir in the black beans, and cook 15 more minutes to reheat.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease three 9 inch round cake pans. in a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda in the buttermilk; set aside.
in a large bowl, cream together 1/2 cup butter, shortening and white sugar until light and fluffy. mix in the eggs, buttermilk mixture, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup coconut, baking powder and flour. stir until just combined. pour batter into the prepared pans.
bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. allow to cool.
to make frosting:  in a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla and confectioners' sugar. beat until light and fluffy.  mix in a small amount of cream to attain the desired consistency. stir in chopped nuts and remaining flaked coconut. spread between layers and on top and sides of cooled cake.
place potatoes in a medium pot and add cold water to cover by 1"; season with salt and bring to a boil. reduce heat and simmer until fork-tender, 15–20 minutes. drain, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid. return potatoes to pot; add 2 tbsp cooking liquid and 2 tbsp oil and lightly mash. season with salt. keep potatoes warm over low heat until ready to serve.
combine leeks, thyme, garlic, and milk in a medium wide saucepan. season generously with salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. cook until leeks are just beginning to soften, 6–8 minutes. gently slide cod into infused milk and poach until flesh is cooked through and beginning to flake, 7–9 minutes (adjust heat as needed to maintain a low simmer; thicker pieces of fish will take longer to cook).
divide warm potatoes, leeks, and cod among shallow bowls. spoon some poaching liquid over each. drizzle with oil; season with pepper.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; dra"
place the chicken and the cajun seasoning in a plastic bag. shake to coat. in a large skillet over medium heat, saute the chicken in butter or margarine until almost tender (5 to 7 minutes).
add the red bell pepper, green bell pepper, mushrooms and green onion. saute and stir for 2 to 3 minutes. reduce heat.
add the cream, basil, lemon pepper, salt, garlic powder and ground black pepper. heat through. add the cooked linguine, toss and heat through. sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese and serve.
whisk together the lime juice, tequila, orange juice, cilantro, chiles, chili powder, garlic, honey, salt, and pepper in a large bowl; pour into a gallon-sized resealable bag; add the pork tenderloins; seal and store in refrigerator overnight.
preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.
cook the pork on the preheated grill, turning occasionally, until meat has reached an internal temperature of 145 degrees f (63 degrees c), about 20 minutes.
place water, sugar, salt, oil, bread flour and yeast into pan of bread machine.
bake on white bread setting. cool on wire racks before slicing.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c). spray a 9x13-inch glass baking dish with cooking spray.
toss the cubed chicken with the salt in a large bowl. place the chicken in a layer into the bottom of the baking dish. stir together tomatoes, water, garlic, and stuffing mix in a large bowl; set aside to soften. sprinkle the cheese on top of the chicken, then sprinkle with the italian seasoning. spread the softened stuffing mixture on top.
bake uncovered until the chicken cubes have turned white and are no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes.
place turnips into a saucepan with the water and 1/2 teaspoon salt. bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the turnip is soft, about 5 minutes. once tender, stir in the kidney beans, and cook 5 minutes more.
meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. stir in the cumin and fennel, and cook until the spices toast and become fragrant, about 1 minute. stir in the onion, and cook until it turns golden brown, about 5 minutes. stir in the minced ginger and garlic, cook and stir for 30 seconds, then add the tomatoes and salt, and continue cooking until the mixture turns pasty. finally, stir in the paprika, turmeric, ground ginger, and 2 tablespoons water; cook 2 minutes more.
add the tomato mixture to the turnips, and simmer 10 minutes. season with garam masala before serving.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease two 12 cup muffin pans or line with 18 paper baking cups.
measure the apple cider vinegar into a 2 cup measuring cup. fill with almond milk to make 1 1/2 cups. let stand until curdled, about 5 minutes. in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. in a separate bowl, whisk together the almond milk mixture, coconut oil and vanilla. pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir just until blended. spoon the batter into the prepared cups, dividing evenly.
bake in the preheated oven until the tops spring back when lightly pressed, 15 to 20 minutes. cool in the pan set over a wire rack. when cool, arrange the cupcakes on a serving platter. frost with desired frosting.
heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat, and fry onions until tender.
stir in garlic, ginger, cloves, cinnamon, cumin, coriander, salt, cayenne, and turmeric. cook for 1 minute over medium heat, stirring constantly. mix in garbanzo beans and their liquid. continue to cook and stir until all ingredients are well blended and heated through. remove from heat. stir in cilantro just before serving, reserving 1 tablespoon for garnish.
in a large bowl, stir together the garbanzo beans, kidney beans, lemon juice and zest,  tomato, onion, parsley, capers, olive oil and salt. cover, and refrigerate for about 2 hours, stirring occasionally, before serving.
in a large skillet, brown ground beef.  set aside to drain and cool to room temperature.
spread the beans into the bottom of a 9x13 inch serving tray that is about 1 1/2 inches deep.  sprinkle 2 cups of shredded cheese on top of beans.  sprinkle beef on top of cheese. spread sour cream very slowly on top of beef.  spread guacamole on top of sour cream.  pour salsa over guacamole and spread evenly.  sprinkle remaining shredded cheese.  sprinkle black olives, tomatoes, and green onions on top.
you can serve this dish immediately, or refrigerate it over night and serve cold.  i think it tastes better at room temperature.
season chicken pieces with salt and pepper.
heat oil and curry powder in a large skillet over medium-high heat for two minutes. stir in onions and garlic, and cook 1 minute more. add chicken, tossing lightly to coat with curry oil. reduce heat to medium, and cook for 7 to 10 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink in center and juices run clear.
pour coconut milk, tomatoes, tomato sauce, and sugar into the pan, and stir to combine. cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, approximately 30 to 40 minutes.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease two baking sheets or line them with parchment paper.
in a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat together butter, peanut butter, brown sugar, and vanilla until creamy. beat in eggs and water.
mix together flours, oats, wheat germ, salt, cinnamon, and baking soda. mix into peanut butter mixture. stir in raisins or dates (see cook's note). drop by ice cream scoopfuls  2 1/2 inches apart on prepared baking sheets. flatten slightly.
bake in preheated oven for 18 to 20 minutes. cool on baking sheet for 2 minutes, then transfer to cooling racks. store in an airtight container.
in a dutch oven, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat until well browned. stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water. season with sugar, basil, fennel seeds, italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley. simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. drain noodles, and rinse with cold water.  in a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
preheat oven to 375  degrees f (190 degrees c).
to assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.  arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce. spread with one half of the ricotta cheese mixture. top with a third of mozzarella cheese slices. spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup parmesan cheese.  repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and parmesan cheese. cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese.
bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. remove foil, and bake an additional 25 minutes. cool for 15 minutes before serving.
prepare a grill for medium heat; oil grates. finely grate 1 tsp lemon zest directly onto halibut and lightly drizzle with oil; season with salt and pepper. grill halibut, turning once, until browned on both sides and just opaque in the center, about 5 minutes.
meanwhile, combine tomatoes, hearts of palm, and 1/4 cup oil in a medium bowl; squeeze in 2 tbsp juice from lemon and toss to combine. season with salt and pepper.
toss basil into tomato salad. serve halibut with tomatoes and dressing spooned over.
season beef chunks with salt and pepper on all sides.
heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. add beef in batches; cook until browned, about 1 minute per side. transfer beef to a slow cooker.
combine beef broth, apple cider vinegar, lime juice, chipotle peppers, garlic, cumin, oregano, and cloves in a bowl. season with salt and pepper and mix well. pour over beef in the slow cooker. stir in bay leaves.
cook on low until beef is fork-tender, 8 to 10 hours.
discard bay leaves. remove beef and shred using 2 forks. return beef to the slow cooker to marinate in the sauce for at least 10 more minutes before serving.
in a medium bowl, combine worcestershire sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, chili powder, garlic and hot pepper sauce. place chicken in sauce, and turn once to coat. marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature, or cover and refrigerate for several hours.
heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. add chicken strips to the pan, and saute for 5 minutes. add the onion and green pepper, and saute another 3 minutes. remove from heat, and sprinkle with lemon juice.
preheat your oven's broiler. grease a broiling pan or line pan with aluminum foil.
in a small bowl, mix together the parmesan cheese, butter, mayonnaise and lemon juice. season with dried basil, pepper, onion powder and celery salt. mix well and set aside.
arrange fillets in a single layer on the prepared pan. broil a few inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes. flip the fillets over and broil for a couple more minutes. remove the fillets from the oven and cover them with the parmesan cheese mixture on the top side. broil for 2 more minutes or until the topping is browned and fish flakes easily with a fork. be careful not to over cook the fish.
cook bacon in large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 6 minutes. transfer to paper towels. crumble bacon.
whisk flour and next 3 ingredients in large bowl to blend. whisk buttermilk, eggs, and 3 tablespoons maple syrup in medium bowl to blend. add buttermilk mixture to dry ingredients; stir just until blended. fold in 1/4 cup melted butter and crumbled bacon.
preheat waffle iron (medium heat). lightly brush waffle iron with melted butter or spray with nonstick spray. working in batches, spoon batter onto hot waffle iron, spreading evenly over grid. close waffle iron and cook until waffle is brown, crisp, and set, about 6 minutes, depending on type of waffle iron. transfer waffles to plates. serve with maple syrup.
place the roast in a roasting pan with the fatty side up. in a small bowl, mix together the garlic, olive oil, salt, pepper and thyme. spread the mixture over the fatty layer of the roast, and let the roast sit out until it is at room temperature, no longer than 1 hour.
preheat the oven to 500 degrees f (260 degrees c).
bake the roast for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, then reduce the temperature to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c), and continue roasting for an additional 60 to 75 minutes. the internal temperature of the roast should be at 135 degrees f (57 degrees c) for medium rare.
allow the roast to rest for 10 or 15 minutes before carving so the meat can retain its juices.
whisk the flour, salt, and baking powder together in a mixing bowl. mix in the lard with your fingers until the flour resembles cornmeal. add the water and mix until the dough comes together; place on a lightly floured surface and knead a few minutes until smooth and elastic. divide the dough into 24 equal pieces and roll each piece into a ball.
preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat. use a well-floured rolling pin to roll a dough ball into a thin, round tortilla. place into the hot skillet, and cook until bubbly and golden; flip and continue cooking until golden on the other side. place the cooked tortilla in a tortilla warmer; continue rolling and cooking the remaining dough.
in a stockpot or dutch oven, brown sausage with garlic.  stir in  broth, tomatoes and carrots, and season with salt and pepper. reduce heat, cover, and simmer 15 minutes.
stir in beans with liquid and zucchini. cover, and simmer another 15 minutes, or until zucchini is tender.
remove from heat, and add spinach.  replace lid allowing the heat from the soup to cook the spinach leaves.  soup is ready to serve after 5 minutes.
place the chicken, butter, soup, and onion in a slow cooker, and fill with enough water to cover.
cover, and cook for 5 to 6 hours on high. about 30 minutes before serving, place the torn biscuit dough in the slow cooker. cook until the dough is no longer raw in the center.
heat oil in a heavy pan over medium heat.  saute onion for 10 minutes or so, until it begins to turn golden.  add minced garlic and saute for another minute or so.
add lentils and water to the saucepan. bring mixture to a boil.  cover, lower heat, and simmer about 35 minutes, until lentils are soft ( this may take less time, depending on your water and the lentils).
meanwhile cook the spinach in microwave according to package directions.  add spinach, salt and cumin to the saucepan.  cover and simmer until all is heated, about ten minutes. grind in plenty of pepper and press in extra garlic to taste.
in a small bowl, mix together salt, paprika, onion powder, thyme, white pepper, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and garlic powder. remove and discard giblets from chicken. rinse chicken cavity, and pat dry with paper towel. rub each chicken inside and out with spice mixture. place 1 onion into the cavity of each chicken. place chickens in a resealable bag or double wrap with plastic wrap. refrigerate overnight, or at least 4 to 6 hours.
preheat oven to 250 degrees f (120 degrees c).
place chickens in a roasting pan. bake uncovered for 5 hours, to a minimum internal temperature of 180 degrees f (85 degrees c). let the chickens stand for 10 minutes before carving.
place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until just tender, about 15 minutes. drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. stir in the onion and garlic; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. season with cumin, cayenne pepper, curry powder, garam masala, ginger, and salt; cook for 2 minutes more. add the tomatoes, garbanzo beans, peas, and potatoes. pour in the coconut milk, and bring to a simmer. simmer 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
coat steaks all over with pepper. mix mayonnaise, mustard, and horseradish in small bowl for dressing. cover steaks and dressing separately and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day.
toss thinly sliced mushrooms and lemon juice in medium bowl to coat evenly. sprinkle lightly with salt. brush heavy large skillet generously with oil and heat over medium-high heat. add steaks and cook to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. transfer steaks to plate; let stand 15 minutes. cook bacon in same skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. using tongs, transfer bacon to paper towels to dra"
place roll bottoms on plates; spread with dressing. slice steaks thinly and divide among rolls. top with bacon, mushrooms, and arugula. cover sandwiches with roll tops and serve.
place chicken in a bowl and drizzle vegetable oil over chicken; toss to coat.
whisk kosher salt, garam masala, ground cumin, ground coriander, smoked paprika, ground turmeric, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cardamom together in a small bowl. season chicken with spice mixture and turn to coat evenly.
melt clarified butter in a large, heavy skillet over high heat. cook chicken thighs in hot butter until browned on all sides, 5 to 10 minutes. transfer chicken to a plate. when cool enough to handle, cut chicken into bite-size pieces.
reduce heat under the skillet to medium-high. stir onion into skillet; saute until onion softens and turns translucent, 5 to 6 minutes. add tomato paste and stir. saute until paste caramelizes, about 5 minutes. stir garlic and ginger into tomato-onion mixture and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.
pour the crushed tomatoes into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. pour in coconut milk and chicken broth; bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium low, and cook, stirring occasionally, until flavors blend and sauce is slightly reduced, about 15 minutes.
stir chicken, any accumulated juices from the chicken, cilantro, and red pepper flakes into tomato mixture; bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until chicken is cooked through and tender, 10 to 15 minutes. season with salt and black pepper.
whisk together buttermilk, mustard, salt and pepper, and cayenne in a bowl, and pour into a resealable plastic bag. add the chicken pieces, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 8 hours.
when you are ready to cook the chicken, combine the flour, baking powder, garlic powder, and onion powder in the other plastic bag. shake to mix thoroughly. transfer one marinated chicken piece at a time into the dry ingredient bag, and shake well to ensure complete coverage. after all chicken pieces are coated, repeat the process by dipping them in the buttermilk marinade and shaking in the dry coating aga"
heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat, making sure not to burn the oil.  when oil is hot, fry chicken in batches until golden brown and juices run clear, turning chicken to brown evenly.
place the cauliflower in a large, microwave-safe dish; cook in microwave on high for 3 minutes. transfer the cauliflower to a bowl and set aside. put the potatoes in the dish and cook in the microwave on high for 4 minutes. pour into the bowl with the cauliflower.
heat the olive oil and cumin seeds in a large skillet over medium-high heat until the cumin swells and turns golden brown; stir the onions into the oil and cook about 3 minutes. add the tomatoes and cook and stir another 3 minutes. fold the cauliflower and potatoes into the mixture. season with the curry powder and salt. continue cooking until completely hot, 3 to 5 minutes. serve hot.
add ingredients to bread machine pan in order recommended by your manufacturer. use regular light setting.
preheat oven to 375  degrees f (190 degrees c). lightly grease a baking dish.
pierce the sweet potato several times with a fork and cut in half. place in a microwave-safe dish; pour water to about 1/2-inch deep. cook in microwave 10 minutes.
arrange the onion, apple, and carrots into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. brush the barbecue sauce on both sides of the chicken breasts and lay atop the vegetables. peel the sweet potato and cut into large chunks; scatter into the baking dish. sprinkle the cranberries over the dish.
bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is tender and no longer pink in the center, 45 to 55 minutes. allow to cool 5 minutes before serving.
in a small bowl, mix together salt, black pepper, cayenne, paprika, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, onion powder, thyme and parsley. sprinkle spice mixture generously on both sides of chicken breasts.
heat butter and olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. saute chicken until golden brown, about 6 minutes on each side. sprinkle with 2 teaspoons garlic powder and lime juice. cook 5 minutes more, stirring frequently to coat evenly with sauce.
in a large pot over medium heat, combine broth, water and chicken. bring just to boiling, then stir in rice, reserving seasoning packet. cover and remove from heat.
in a small bowl, combine salt, pepper and flour. in a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. stir in contents of seasoning packet until mixture is bubbly. reduce heat to low, then stir in flour mixture by tablespoons, to form a roux. whisk in cream, a little at a time, until fully incorporated and smooth. cook until thickened, 5 minutes.
stir cream mixture into broth and rice. cook over medium heat until heated through, 10 to 15 minutes.
put chuck roast into the crock of a slow cooker; add onion, brown sugar, soy sauce, garlic, jalapeno pepper, ginger root, rice vinegar, sesame oil, salt, and pepper.
cook on high for 8 hours (or on low for 10 hours). shred meat with a pair of forks and stir into the liquid in the slow cooker.
serve with corn tortillas and your favorite toppings.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a large skillet over medium heat, saute the ground beef for 5 minutes. add the onion and garlic, and saute for 5 more minutes. drain any excess fat, if desired. mix in the olives, green chile peppers, tomatoes with green chile peppers, taco sauce and refried beans. stir mixture thoroughly, reduce heat to low, and let simmer for 15 to 20 minutes.
spread a thin layer of the meat mixture in the bottom of a 4 quart casserole dish. cover with a layer of tortillas followed by more meat mixture, then a layer of cheese. repeat tortilla, meat, cheese pattern until all the tortillas are used, topping off with a layer of meat mixture and cheese.
bake for 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheese is slightly brown and bubbly.
in a large bowl, dissolve the sugar in warm water, and then stir in yeast. allow to proof until yeast resembles a creamy foam.
mix salt and oil into the yeast. mix in flour one cup at a time. knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth. place in a well oiled bowl, and turn dough to coat. cover with a damp cloth. allow to rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.
punch dough down. knead for a few minutes, and divide in half. shape into loaves, and place into two well oiled 9x5 inch loaf pans. allow to rise for 30 minutes, or until dough has risen 1 inch above pans.
bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 30 minutes.
preheat oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c). season pork with salt and pepper.
heat oil in an ovenproof skillet over high heat. cook pork until browned on one side, 3 to 4 minutes. turn over pork and transfer the skillet to the preheated oven. cook until pork is browned and still slightly pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees f (63 degrees c). transfer pork to a plate.
remove any excess oil from the skillet and place it over medium-high heat. pour in chicken broth and bring to a boil, scraping any browned bits off of the bottom of the pan. whisk in cream, horseradish, dijon mustard, and cayenne pepper. continue cooking until the mixture is reduced to a thick sauce, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from heat and whisk in cold butter. stir in chives.
slice pork into 1/2-inch slices and serve topped with sauce.
place bananas, milk, peanut butter, honey, and ice cubes in a blender; blend until smooth, about 30 seconds.
preheat the oven to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c).
refrigerate 2/3 of the bacon until needed. it is easier to wrap the wieners with cold bacon. wrap each cocktail wiener with a piece of bacon and secure with a toothpick. place on a large baking sheet. sprinkle brown sugar generously over all.
bake for 40 minutes in the preheated oven, until the sugar is bubbly. to serve, place the wieners in a slow cooker and keep on the low setting.
sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl.  whisk the water and oil together in a small bowl.  make a well in the center of the dry ingredients, and pour in the wet.  stir just until blended; mixture will be lumpy.
heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat. drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle, and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry. flip, and cook until browned on the other side. repeat with remaining batter.
heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. stir in the onion, and season with bay leaves, cumin, oregano, and salt. cook and stir until onion is tender, then mix in the celery, green bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and green chile peppers. when vegetables are heated through, mix in the vegetarian burger crumbles. reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer 5 minutes.
mix the tomatoes into the pot. season chili with chili powder and pepper. stir in the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans. bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 45 minutes. stir in the corn, and continue cooking 5 minutes before serving.
in a large pot over medium heat, cook and stir chicken in the oil for 5 minutes. add the garlic and cumin and mix well. then add the broth, corn, onion, chili powder, lemon juice, and salsa. reduce heat to low and simmer for about 20 to 30 minutes.
break up some tortilla chips into individual bowls and pour soup over chips. top with the monterey jack cheese and a little sour cream.
in a large bowl, stir together the whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour and salt. use a wooden spoon to stir in the olive oil and enough water to make a soft dough that is elastic but not sticky. knead the dough on a lightly floured surface until it is smooth. divide into 10 parts, or less if you want bigger breads. roll each piece into a ball.  let rest for a few minutes.
heat a skillet over medium heat until hot, and grease lightly. on a lightly floured surface, use a floured rolling pin to roll out the balls of dough until very thin like a tortilla. when the pan starts smoking, put a chapati on it. cook until the underside has brown spots, about 30 seconds, then flip and cook on the other side. continue with remaining dough.
heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. add chicken; cook until browned and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes. add sweet potatoes and onion; cook and stir until onion is translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. add eggplant, garlic, ginger, and turmeric; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more. pour in broth and simmer stew until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). lightly grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan.
sift together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt. add the oil, vanilla, vinegar and water. mix together until smooth.
pour into prepared pan and bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 45 minutes. remove from oven and allow to cool.
in a medium glass bowl, prepare marinade by mixing garlic, light olive oil, basil, salt, pepper, lemon juice and parsley. place salmon fillets in a medium glass baking dish, and cover with the marinade. marinate in the refrigerator about 1 hour, turning occasionally.
preheat oven to 375  degrees f (190 degrees c).
place fillets in aluminum foil, cover with marinade, and seal. place sealed salmon in the glass dish, and bake 35 to 45 minutes, until easily flaked with a fork.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
mix oatmeal, baking powder, and sugar together in a large bowl. beat milk and egg together in a separate bowl; add to oatmeal mixture and stir to incorporate. stir cranberries, coconut, and nuts into the oatmeal mixture; spread into the prepared baking dish.
bake in preheated oven until beginning to brown along the edges, 50 to 60 minutes.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c). line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil and drizzle olive oil over foil. place baking sheet in preheated oven.
flatten chicken breasts so they are all about 1/4-inch thick. season chicken with salt and pepper.
mix flour and paprika together on a large plate. beat eggs with salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. mix bread crumbs and lemon zest together on a separate large plate. dredge each chicken piece in flour mixture, then egg, and then bread crumbs mixture and set aside in 1 layer on a clean plate. repeat with remaining chicken.
remove baking sheet from oven and arrange chicken in 1 layer on the sheet. drizzle more olive oil over each piece of coated chicken.
bake in the preheated oven for 5 to 6 minutes. flip chicken and continue baking until no longer pink in the center and the breading is lightly browned, 5 to 6 minutes more. an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees f (74 degrees c).
in a medium bowl, combine the zucchini, eggs, onion, flour, parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, and salt. stir well enough to distribute ingredients evenly.
heat a small amount of oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. drop zucchini mixture by heaping tablespoonfuls, and cook for a few minutes on each side until golden.
preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
spread cream cheese to fill jalapeno halves. wrap with bacon. secure with a toothpick.
place on the grill, and cook until bacon is crispy.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; dra"
heat oil in a large, deep skillet over medium heat. cook sausage and pepper flakes until sausage is evenly brown. stir in onion and garlic, and cook until onion is tender. stir in tomatoes, cream, and salt. simmer until mixture thickens, 8 to 10 minutes.
stir cooked pasta into sauce, and heat through. sprinkle with parsley.
in a large skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it stir-fry the beef for 1 minute, or just until it is no longer pink, and drain the beef in a sieve. in a bowl whisk together the worcestershire sauce, the lime juice, the cayenne, the sugar, the soy sauce, and the garlic paste, add the beef, and stir it to combine it well with the dressing. stir in the scallion and the coriander, divide the mixture between 2 plates, lined with the lettuce leaves, and garnish the salads with lime wedges.
in a large bowl, combine beans, bell peppers, frozen corn, and red onion.
in a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, red wine vinegar, lime juice, lemon juice, sugar, salt, garlic, cilantro, cumin, and black pepper.  season to taste with hot sauce and chili powder.
pour olive oil dressing over vegetables; mix well.  chill thoroughly, and serve cold.
place the pork tenderloin in a slow cooker; pour the root beer over the meat. cover and cook on low until well cooked and the pork shreds easily, 6 to 7 hours. note: the actual length of time may vary according to individual slow cooker. drain well. stir in barbecue sauce. serve over hamburger buns.
heat grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until tender, about 5 minutes. stir in rice, curry powder, garam masala, and cumin seeds. continue to cook and stir until rice is toasted, 1 to 2 minutes more.
pour broth into rice mixture and season with salt; bring to a boil. reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, 45 to 50 minutes.
in a large bowl, combine yogurt, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons cumin, cinnamon, cayenne, black pepper, ginger, and salt. stir in chicken, cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour.
preheat a grill for high heat.
lightly oil the grill grate. thread chicken onto skewers, and discard marinade. grill until juices run clear, about 5 minutes on each side.
melt butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. saute garlic and jalapeno for 1 minute. season with 2 teaspoons cumin, paprika, and 3 teaspoons salt. stir in tomato sauce and cream. simmer on low heat until sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. add grilled chicken, and simmer for 10 minutes. transfer to a serving platter, and garnish with fresh cilantro.
in a slow cooker, mix cream of mushroom soup, dry onion soup mix and water. place pot roast in slow cooker and coat with soup mixture.
cook on high setting for 3 to 4 hours, or on low setting for 8 to 9 hours.
pour enough water into large roasting pan to reach depth of 2 inches; set near stove. pour enough water into large nonstick skillet to reach depth of 1 1/2 inches; add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to simmer. crack each egg into separate custard cup. working with 4 eggs per batch, gently slide 1 egg at a time into simmering water in skillet. cook just until egg whites are set, about 1 minute (yolks will be only partially cooked). using slotted spoon, carefully transfer eggs to prepared roasting pan with water. reserve skillet with water. do ahead: poached eggs can be made 1 hour ahead. let stand at room temperature.
heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat; add fat trimmings and sauté until light brown and fat renders, about 3 minutes. add red onion to skillet and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. add cabbage and chopped root vegetable mixture and sauté 5 minutes. transfer vegetable mixture to bowl; stir in corned beef and potatoes. season to taste with salt and pepper. add beaten eggs and toss to coat.
melt butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. add corned beef hash mixture and cook until golden brown on bottom, occasionally pressing down with spatula, about 4 minutes. turn hash mixture over in small portions and cook until second side is golden brown, occasionally pressing down with spatula, about 3 more minutes.
meanwhile, bring water in reserved skillet to simmer. using slotted spoon, gently transfer eggs back to skillet. cook just until yolks are softly set, about 2 minutes.
divide corned beef hash among plates. top hash with one or two poached eggs and serve.
combine lemon and lime juice, hot sauce, olive oil, oregano, and salt in a large bowl. add onion, jalapeño, and poblano chile and toss to combine. let marinate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour while you prepare the rest of the dish.
combine cornichons, mayonnaise, parsley, capers, tomato powder (if using), vinegar, chili powder, and salt in a small bowl.
whisk flour, cornstarch, oregano, onion powder, tomato powder (if using), garlic powder, and 3 tsp salt in a large bowl. add club soda and quickly whisk to incorporate.
pour canola oil into a large skillet to a depth of 1/4". heat oil over medium-high until shimmering, hot, and an instant-read thermometer registers 350°f. dip fish into batter to coat, shake off excess, then fry until golden, crispy, and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. work in batches if necessary and adjust the heat as needed to keep oil at 350°f. transfer to paper towels and season with salt.
strain the slaw and discard liquid. transfer slaw to a medium bowl.
spread 1 tbsp tartar sauce on both sides of each bun and place tomato slices on bottom halves. divide fried fish and slaw among sandwiches and add top halves of buns.
slaw can be made, strained, and refrigerated up to 1 day ahead. tartar sauce can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.
heat the oil in a wok over medium heat. stir in the onions, ginger garlic paste, and bay leaf. cook until the onions are tender. mix in the potatoes and peas. cover and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. remove the bay leaf.
stir the tomato puree, garam masala, paprika, sugar, and salt into the vegetable mixture. continue cooking about 10 minutes. mix in the cilantro and continue cooking about 2 minutes.
melt chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. let cool slightly, about 10 minutes.
pour aquafaba into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. beat on high speed until fluffy and quadrupled in volume, about 1 minute. add xanthan gum and beat for 30 seconds. add confectioners' sugar and vanilla sugar; continue beating until foam is firm and glossy, about 2 minutes more.
fold melted chocolate gently into whipped foam until thoroughly incorporated. transfer to a lidded container.
freeze until firm, 8 hours to overnight.
put chicken, margarine and dressing mix in slow cooker; mix together and cook on low for 5 to 6 hours.
add cream cheese and soup, mix together and cook on high for another 1/2 hour or until heated through and warm.
in a small saucepan, bring the broth to a boil. remove from heat. place the sun-dried tomatoes in the broth 15 minutes, or until softened. drain, reserving broth, and coarsely chop.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. place penne pasta in the pot, cook 9 to 12 minutes, until al dente, and dra"
place the pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat. cook and stir until lightly toasted.
heat the olive oil and red pepper flakes in a skillet over medium heat, and saute the garlic 1 minute, until tender. mix in the spinach, and cook until almost wilted. pour in the reserved broth, and stir in the chopped sun-dried tomatoes. continue cooking 2 minutes, or until heated through.
in a large bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the spinach and tomato mixture and pine nuts. serve with parmesan cheese.
in a medium bowl, mix together masa harina and hot water until thoroughly combined. turn dough onto a clean surface and knead until pliable and smooth. if dough is too sticky, add more masa harina; if it begins to dry out, sprinkle with water. cover dough tightly with plastic wrap and allow to stand for 30 minutes.
preheat a cast iron skillet or griddle to medium-high.
divide dough into 15 equal-size balls. using a tortilla press, a rolling pin, or your hands, press each ball of dough flat between two sheets of plastic wrap.
immediately place tortilla in preheated pan and allow to cook for approximately 30 seconds, or until browned and slightly puffy. turn tortilla over to brown on second side for approximately 30 seconds more, then transfer to a plate. repeat process with each ball of dough. keep tortillas covered with a towel to stay warm and moist until ready to serve.
in a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat until hot. add fillets and squeeze 1/2 of the lemon's juice over the tops. sprinkle with pepper to taste. cook for 4 minutes and turn. squeeze with the remaining lemon's juice and sprinkle with pepper to taste. continue to cook until fillets flake easily with a fork.
heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. add the onion and sauté for about 2 minutes, or until wilted and slightly aromatic but not browned. add 1 tablespoon of the saké and deglaze the pan, scraping up any browned bits. remove the pan from the heat and allow the onion to cool to room temperature.
in a bowl, combine the beef, panko, and egg. add the miso and the cooled onion and knead with your hands to ensure even distribution. the japanese will often gather the meat mixture, lift it, and throw it back with force into the bowl, repeating this action 4 or 5 times — a bit like baseball practice. although the mixture will be fairly soft, the pitching ensures the meat mass will hold together. divide the meat mixture into 4 equal portions, and shape each portion into an oval patty about 4 inches long, 2 1/2 inches wide, and 3/4 inch thick.
add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil to the same skillet you used to sauté the onion and place over medium heat. when hot, add the patties and sear on the first side until browned, about 1 minute. flip and sear the second side, pressing to flatten. the surface may crack a bit, but this is of no concern. lower the heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon saké, cover, and cook for 5 to 6 minutes for medium-rare. to check for doneness, press the meat with your fingertip or the back of a spoon. it should feel fairly firm. then, poke a patty with a toothpick. the juices should run slightly pink. for a well-done burger, cook, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes. when pressed, the meat will feel very firm and juices will run clear.
in a small bowl, combine the sugar and hot water and stir to dissolve the sugar. add the soy sauce and stir again to mix thoroughly. return the skillet to high heat and pour the soy mixture into it, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula to make sure all the sugar is added. shake the skillet to coat the beef patties, and flip them once after a minute to make sure they are evenly glazed.
serve the burgers hot, spooning any extra sauce on top.
heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.  stir in onion, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes.  stir in beans and corn, then add sugar, salsa, and pepper flakes; mix well.  cook until heated through, about 3 minutes.
melt 2 teaspoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. place a tortilla in the skillet, sprinkle evenly with cheese, then top with some of the bean mixture. place another tortilla on top, cook until golden, then flip and cook on the other side. melt more butter as needed, and repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.
preheat oven to 450 degrees f (230 degrees c).
in a small shallow bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, cheese, cornmeal, oil, italian seasoning, garlic powder and pepper; set aside.
coat the rack of a broiling pan with cooking spray. place the cod on the rack, folding under any thin edges of the filets. brush with the egg white, then spoon the crumb mixture evenly on top.
bake in a preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork and is opaque all the way through.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
cream together butter, shortening, 1 1/2 cups sugar, the eggs and the vanilla. blend in the flour, cream of tartar, soda and salt. shape dough by rounded spoonfuls into balls.
mix the 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon. roll balls of dough in mixture. place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets.
bake 8 to 10 minutes, or until set but not too hard. remove immediately from baking sheets.
arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 350°f. pulse pumpkin seeds in a food processor until finely chopped. transfer to rimmed baking sheet and toss with panko. toast until lightly browned, 10–12 minutes. transfer to a large plate and stir in 3/4 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper; wipe off sheet.
meanwhile, cut each fillet in half lengthwise. slice each piece on a diagonal into 3/4" strips. whisk eggs, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 1/2 tsp chili powder, 3/4 tsp salt, and 1/4 tsp pepper in a medium bowl. set wire rack into rimmed baking sheet. spray with cooking spray.
dredge each piece of fish in mayonnaise mixture, then roll in pumpkin-panko mixture, pressing to adhere. arrange in a single layer on prepared rack. spread corn with remaining 1/4 cup mayonnaise. sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tsp chili powder, 3/4 tsp salt, and 1/4 tsp pepper and arrange on second baking sheet. place baking sheet with fish on upper rack of oven and corn on lower rack. bake fish until opaque and flesh flakes apart when pierced with a paring knife, 18–22 minutes, and bake corn, turning once halfway through, until tender, about 20 minutes.
meanwhile, working one at a time, warm tortillas with tongs directly over a gas burner, turning them often, until lightly charred and puffed in spots, about 1 minute per side. (if you don't have a gas stove, wrap tortillas in foil and heat in a 350°f oven until warmed through, or wrap in damp paper towels and microwave in 20-second bursts until warm.) transfer to a plate and cover with a kitchen towel to keep warm.
divide fish among tortillas and top with cabbage, avocado, cilantro, jalapeños, and hot sauce. serve with corn and lime wedges alongside.
preheat an oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
beat the cream cheese with 1 1/2 cups of sugar, and the vanilla extract in a bowl until smooth. unroll the cans of crescent roll dough, and use a rolling pin to shape the each piece into 9x13 inch rectangles. press one piece into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. evenly spread the cream cheese mixture into the baking dish, then cover with the remaining piece of crescent dough.
drizzle the melted butter evenly over the top of the cheesecake. stir the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar together with the cinnamon in a small bowl, and sprinkle over the cheesecake along with the almonds.
bake in the preheated oven until the crescent dough has puffed and turned golden brown, about 45 minutes. cool completely in the pan before cutting into 12 squares.
preheat the oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c). grease a 9x9-inch baking dish.
mix tomato sauce, water, taco seasoning mix, and chili powder together in a saucepan; bring to a simmer over medium heat.
heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat and brown chicken tenderloins on both sides, about 5 minutes per side. pour tomato sauce mixture over the chicken, bring to a simmer, and cook over medium-low heat until chicken tenderloins are no longer pink inside, about 8 minutes. transfer chicken to a bowl and shred; return shredded chicken to the sauce. mix in black beans and cream cheese until thoroughly combined.
pour chicken mixture into prepared baking dish. top with shredded mexican cheese. whisk corn bread mix, egg, and milk in a bowl, and spoon the batter over the chicken mix.
bake in the preheated oven until the casserole is bubbling and the corn bread topping is browned and set, about 30 minutes.
place chicken in the instant pot(r) and cook for 10 minutes on the 'manual' setting. release pressure naturally according to manufacturer's instructions.
set the pot to 'saute' and add green bell peppers, yellow onion, soy sauce, brown sugar, honey, garlic, and black pepper. cook until most liquid is evaporated, vegetables are soft, and chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes. an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees f (74 degrees c).
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
place 2 tablespoons butter in a microwave-safe bowl; melt in microwave on high, about 30 seconds. stir buttery round crackers into melted butter.
place remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a 7x11-inch baking dish. melt in the preheated oven, 1 to 3 minutes. remove dish from oven.
coat both sides of cod in melted butter in the baking dish.
bake cod in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. remove from oven; top with lemon juice, wine, and cracker mixture. place back in oven and bake until fish is opaque and flakes easily with a fork, about 10 more minutes.
garnish baked cod with parsley and green onion. serve with lemon wedges.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
pat chicken dry. combine 1 tablespoon black pepper, garlic powder, paprika, cumin, and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. rub the mixture on the chicken.
heat a cast iron skillet over high heat. add peanut oil to the hot skillet and watch it carefully; when oil smokes, add chicken, skin-side down. cook until browned, about 4 minutes each side. transfer chicken to a plate; reserve drippings in the skillet.
melt butter in a small saucepan. add honey, sriracha sauce, soy sauce, and lime juice. add remaining black pepper and salt. bring sauce to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes.
return skillet with drippings to medium-high heat. add potatoes, carrots, onion, turnip, and garlic. cook and stir until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. remove from heat. add chicken on top of the vegetables, skin-side up. coat with about a third of the sauce.
bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. add wine to the skillet and coat chicken with another third of the sauce. cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the meat near the bone reads 165 degrees f (74 degrees c) and vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. coat chicken with remaining sauce before serving.
in a small saucepan over low heat, combine the cornstarch, cold water, sugar, soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, ginger and ground black pepper. let simmer, stirring frequently, until sauce thickens and bubbles.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c).
place chicken pieces in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. brush chicken with the sauce. turn pieces over, and brush aga"
bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. turn pieces over, and bake for another 30 minutes, until no longer pink and juices run clear. brush with sauce every 10 minutes during cooking.
in a small bowl mix together the flour, paprika, cayenne pepper and salt. place chicken wings in a large nonporous glass dish or bowl and sprinkle flour mixture over them until they are evenly coated. cover dish or bowl and refrigerate for 60 to 90 minutes.
heat oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c). the oil should be just enough to cover wings entirely, an inch or so deep. combine the butter, hot sauce, pepper and garlic powder in a small saucepan over low heat. stir together and heat until butter is melted and mixture is well blended. remove from heat and reserve for serving.
fry coated wings in hot oil for 10 to 15 minutes, or until parts of wings begin to turn brown. remove from heat, place wings in serving bowl, add hot sauce mixture and stir together. serve.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease and flour an 8-inch square pan.
in a large saucepan, melt 1/2 cup butter. remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, 1/2 cup flour, salt, and baking powder. spread batter into prepared pan.
bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. do not overcook.
to make frosting:  combine 3 tablespoons softened butter, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and 1 cup confectioners' sugar. stir until smooth. frost brownies while they are still warm.
steep the saffron in 1/2 cup boiling water.
in a skillet that can be tightly covered, melt the butter over medium-high heat.  stir in the rice and salt.  cook, stirring constantly, until the rice begins to absorb the butter and becomes opaque, but do not brown the rice.
quickly pour in the remaining 1 1/2 cups boiling water along with the saffron water.  cover immediately, reduce heat to low, and cook 20 minutes, or until all of the liquid is absorbed.  for best results, do not remove the lid while the rice is cooking.
place ham in food processor, and pulse until finely ground. mix together ham, green onions, and green peppers. spoon 1/3 cup of the ham mixture and 3 tablespoons shredded cheese onto each tortilla, then roll up. carefully place filled tortillas, seam side down, in a greased 9x13 baking dish.
in a medium bowl, mix together eggs, cream, and milk, flour, garlic powder, and hot pepper sauce.  pour egg mixture over tortillas.  cover, and refrigerate overnight.
the next morning, preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
bake, uncovered, in preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes, or until set. sprinkle casserole with remaining 1 cup shredded cheese. bake about 3 minutes more, or until cheese melts. let stand a least 10 minutes before serving.
heat oil in a large pot on medium-high heat and add onion. cook until softened, about 4 minutes, then stir in garlic and cum" continue to cook until onion begins to brown.
stir in tomatoes and coconut and  the coriander, salt, turmeric, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, ginger, and cardamom. stir until mixture begins to boil, then put in the potatoes, cauliflower, and garbanzo beans. blend well. reduce heat to low and cover.
simmer until the potatoes are tender, 45 minutes to an hour (this will depend on the size of the potato chunks). sprinkle in the garam masala, stir, and cook for an additional 5 minutes.
fill a cocktail shaker with ice cubes. pour in chocolate and cherry vodkas, grenadine, creme de cacao, half-and-half, and chocolate syrup. cover and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted. strain into a chilled martini glass, garnish with maraschino cherry and chocolate kiss, and serve.
heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. crumble the ground chuck and sausage into the hot pan, and cook until evenly browned. drain off excess grease.
pour in the chili beans, spicy chili beans, diced tomatoes and tomato paste. add the onion, celery, green and red bell peppers, chile peppers, bacon bits, bouillon, and beer. season with chili powder, worcestershire sauce, garlic, oregano, cumin, hot pepper sauce, basil, salt, pepper, cayenne, paprika, and sugar. stir to blend, then cover and simmer over low heat for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
after 2 hours, taste, and adjust salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. the longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. remove from heat and serve, or refrigerate, and serve the next day.
to serve, ladle into bowls, and top with corn chips and shredded cheddar cheese.
place rib roast on a plate and bring to room temperature, about 4 hours.
preheat an oven to 500 degrees f (260 degrees c).
combine butter, pepper, and herbes de provence in a bowl; mix until well blended. spread butter mixture evenly over entire roast. season roast generously with kosher salt.
roast the 4-pound prime rib (see footnote if using a larger and smaller roast) in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. turn the oven off and, leaving the roast in the oven with the door closed, let the roast sit in the oven for 2 hours. remove roast from the oven, slice, and serve.
place ground beef in a large, deep skillet. cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. drain, crumble, and set aside.
place a the potatoes in a layer to cover the bottom of the slow cooker. sprinkle the celery over the potatoes, and cover with a layer of ground beef. season each layer with salt and pepper. throw in the carrots, onions and peas. mix together the tomato soup and water, and pour over the top. cover, and set to low for 6 to 8 hours.
blend ice, spinach, pineapple, water, banana, orange, mint, lemon juice, and lime juice in a blender until smooth.
juice everything in juice machine.  pour over ice to serve.
place the onion, chili beans, black beans, corn, tomato sauce, beer, and diced tomatoes in a slow cooker. add taco seasoning, and stir to blend. lay chicken breasts on top of the mixture, pressing down slightly until just covered by the other ingredients. set slow cooker for low heat, cover, and cook for 5 hours.
remove chicken breasts from the soup, and allow to cool long enough to be handled. stir the shredded chicken back into the soup, and continue cooking for 2 hours. serve topped with shredded cheddar cheese, a dollop of sour cream, and crushed tortilla chips, if desired.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt. pour in water, vegetable oil and vanilla; mix until well blended. spread evenly in a 9x13 inch baking pan.
bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the top is no longer shiny. let cool for at least 10 minutes before cutting into squares.
in a medium bowl, mash the avocados. mix in lime juice, cilantro, salsa, garlic salt and pepper.
in a small bowl, blend the sour cream and taco seasoning.
in a 9x13 inch dish or on a large serving platter, spread the refried beans. top with sour cream mixture. spread on guacamole. top with tomatoes, green onions, mexican-style cheese blend and black olives.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease 12 muffin cups or line with paper liners.
mix flour, white sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg, and salt together in a large bowl. stir bananas, canola oil, and coconut milk together in a separate bowl; mix banana mixture into flour mixture until just combined. fill muffin cups with batter.
bake in the preheated oven until a tooth pick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes.
cut the avocados into halves. remove the seeds, and scoop out the pulp into a small bowl.  use a fork to mash the avocado.  stir in lemon juice, onion, salt, and olive oil.  cover the bowl, and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving.
place red chiles, green chiles, cumin seeds, garam masala, ginger, garlic, grated coconut, and tomatoes into a blender; pulse several times to chop, then blend into a smooth paste.
heat vegetable oil in a large skillet or dutch oven over medium heat. stir in onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. reduce heat to medium-low, and continue cooking and stirring until the onion is very tender and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more.
stir the spice paste into the onion and cook and stir until the oil separates from the mixture, about 3 minutes.
stir in lamb pieces and salt. cook, stirring frequently over medium-high heat, until the lamb pieces are browned on all sides, about 8 minutes.
mix in yogurt, saffron, and blanched almonds until well combined.
reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, until the meat is tender and the gravy is thick, about 1 hour.
garnish the curry with chopped cilantro before serving.
place chicken, tomatoes, enchilada sauce, onion, green chiles, and garlic into a slow cooker. pour in water and chicken broth, and season with cumin, chili powder, salt, pepper, and bay leaf. stir in corn and cilantro. cover, and cook on low setting for 6 to 8 hours or on high setting for 3 to 4 hours.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
lightly brush both sides of tortillas with oil. cut tortillas into strips, then spread on a baking sheet.
bake in preheated oven until crisp, about 10 to 15 minutes. to serve, sprinkle tortilla strips over soup.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a medium saucepan, bring the water to a boil. mix in the instant rice, cover, and remove from heat. let stand 5 minutes.
in a 9x13 inch baking dish, mix the prepared rice, chicken, cream of mushroom soup, cream of chicken soup, butter, milk, broccoli, onion, and processed cheese.
bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until cheese is melted. stir halfway through cooking to help cheese melt evenly.
bring a large pot of water to a boil. place the green beans in the pot, and cook briefly, removing after 3 to 4 minutes. drain, and rinse with cold water.
heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. stir in the mustard seed and garlic, and cook until golden brown. mix in the chile pepper. place the green beans in the skillet, and season with salt and sugar. cook and stir 8 minutes, or until tender. season with pepper to serve.
preheat an oven to 450 degrees f (230 degrees c).
place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2-inch. season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper.
beat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside.
mix bread crumbs and 1/2 cup parmesan cheese in a separate bowl, set aside.
place flour in a sifter or strainer; sprinkle over chicken breasts, evenly coating both sides.
dip flour coated chicken breast in beaten eggs. transfer breast to breadcrumb mixture, pressing the crumbs into both sides. repeat for each breast. set aside breaded chicken breasts for about 15 minutes.
heat 1 cup olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. cook chicken until golden, about 2 minutes on each side. the chicken will finish cooking in the oven.
place chicken in a baking dish and top each breast with about 1/3 cup of tomato sauce. layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and provolone cheese. sprinkle 1 to 2 tablespoons of parmesan cheese on top and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly, and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes. an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees f (74 degrees c).
heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. saute onion, celery, carrots and garlic for 5 minutes. season with chili powder, cumin, and black pepper; cook for 1 minute. stir in vegetable broth, 2 cans of beans, and corn. bring to a boil.
meanwhile, in a food processor or blender, process remaining 2 cans beans and tomatoes until smooth. stir into boiling soup mixture, reduce heat to medium, and simmer for 15 minutes.
combine water with salt, ground black pepper, oregano, basil, onion salt, parsley, garlic powder, bay leaf, and salad dressing mix in a saucepan. stir well, and bring to a boil.
place roast in slow cooker, and pour salad dressing mixture over the meat.
cover, and cook on low for 10 to 12 hours, or on high for 4 to 5 hours. when done, remove bay leaf, and shred meat with a fork.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
mix cream cheese, sugar, eggs, and vanilla together in a bowl until smooth and well blended.
spread 1 roll of cookie dough on the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking pan to form the base. spread cream cheese mixture evenly on top. pinch off small pieces of the remaining cookie dough and distribute them on the cream cheese mixture.
bake in the preheated oven until cream cheese mixture is set and cookies on top are golden brown, 30 to 45 minutes. let cool before serving, about 30 minutes.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. once the water is boiling, stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is cooked through but still slightly firm, about 8 minutes. drain well.
melt 1/4 cup butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. when the butter starts to foam and bubble, stir in the flour; cook on medium heat until flour just begins to turn pale yellow, 3 to 4 minutes. add thyme, cayenne pepper, and white pepper; cook and stir another minute, then whisk in 1 cup of milk until smooth. pour in remaining milk and whisk aga" bring the sauce just to a simmer.
stir in nutmeg, worcestershire sauce, and salt; simmer on medium-low heat until thickened, about 8 minutes, whisking often. turn heat off, then add 2 1/4 cups of cheddar cheese; stir until melted and combined. add dijon mustard.
transfer the macaroni into a casserole dish, then pour in the cheese sauce; stir to thoroughly combine sauce with pasta. mix panko bread crumbs and 1 tablespoon melted butter in a small bowl, and sprinkle crumbs on top of macaroni and cheese. sprinkle remaining 3/4 cup of cheddar cheese on top.
bake in the preheated oven until bread crumbs and cheddar cheese topping are golden brown, about 20 minutes.
the night before you want to serve the waffles, combine the flour, sugar, yeast, and salt in a large bowl. stir in the milk, then the melted butter and the vanilla if you’re using it, until just combined. cover with plastic wrap and set aside overnight at room temperature. (of course you can do this in the morning if you want waffles for supper.)
when you’re ready to bake, brush the waffle iron lightly with oil and heat it. stir the egg yolks into the batter. beat the whites until they hold soft peaks, then fold them gently into the batter until it’s relatively smooth.
spread a ladleful or so of batter onto the waffle iron and bake until the waffle is done, usually 3 to 5 minutes, depending on your iron. serve immediately or keep warm for a few minutes in a 200°f oven. if you’re making them ahead, store at room temperature in an airtight container and warm them in a 300°f oven for about 5 minutes just before serving; or freeze them in single layers, separated by sheets of parchment, and reheat in a 350°f oven for 8 to 10 minutes.
whole grain overnight waffles:
replace some or all of the all-purpose flour with any whole grain flour (whole wheat, oat, quinoa, kamut, or fine cornmeal, for instance) or combination of flours.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
in a large bowl, toss broccoli florets with the extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, pepper and garlic. spread the broccoli out in an even layer on a baking sheet.
bake in the preheated oven until florets are tender enough to pierce the stems with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes. remove and transfer to a serving platter. squeeze lemon juice liberally over the broccoli before serving for a refreshing, tangy finish.
combine the orange, lemon, and lime juice in a large glass or ceramic bowl along with the garlic, soy sauce, chipotle pepper, chili power, ground cumin, paprika, dried oregano, black pepper, and cilantro. slowly whisk in the olive oil until marinade is well combined.  remove one cup of the marinade and place in a small bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for use after the meat is cooked.
place the flank steak between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. firmly pound the steak with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/4 inch.  after pounding, poke steak all over with a fork.  add the meat to the marinade in the large bowl, cover, and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours.
preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate.
remove the steak from the marinade and grill to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium rare. discard used marinade.  remove meat from heat and slice across the gra"
pour the one cup of reserved, unused marinade over the hot meat and serve immediately.
whisk shallot, 1 teaspoon lime juice, lime peel, vinegar, and honey in small bowl. whisk in 2 tablespoons oil. season vinaigrette to taste with salt.
preheat oven to 450°f. pierce sweet potatoes in several places with fork. place on sheet of aluminum foil and roast 30 minutes. turn potatoes over and roast until soft, about 20 minutes longer. let stand until cool enough to handle. scoop flesh into processor; discard skins. puree sweet potatoes until smooth. add 3 tablespoons butter, thyme, nutmeg, and remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice; process until blended and smooth. add milk; process to blend. transfer to microwave-safe bowl. season to taste with salt and pepper. do ahead: vinaigrette and potatoes can be made 1 day ahead. cover separately and chill. bring vinaigrette to room temperature and rewhisk before using.
preheat oven to 450°f. place brussels sprout leaves on rimmed baking sheet. drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. spread leaves out in even layer. roast until almost all leaves are brown in spots and crisp, tossing occasionally, about 15 minutes.
meanwhile, heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. add to skillet and cook 30 seconds. reduce heat to medium and add remaining 2 tablespoons butter to skillet. continue to cook fish until edges appear opaque, occasionally basting by spooning juices in skillet over, about 4 minutes. turn fish over. cook until just opaque in center, about 2 minutes.
rewarm sweet potatoes in microwave in 30-second intervals until heated through, stirring occasionally. divide sweet potatoes among plates. arrange fish alongside and drizzle vinaigrette over. sprinkle brussels sprout chips over and serve.
floral, subtly spiced chehalem 2008 "3 vineyard" pinot gris, oregon ($19).
lightly grease the bottom and sides of a 9x13-inch baking dish, then line it with foil or parchment paper.
in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, duck fat, sugar, and salt on medium speed until pale and fluffy, 1–2 minutes. add the egg and continue beating until combined. turn off the mixer, add the flour, and pulse on low speed until a dough just comes together.
scrape the dough into the prepared pan and spread into an even, ½-inch-thick layer. use a sharp, thin knife to lightly score the surface into 3x1-inch rectangles (do not cut all the way through), then use a skewer to poke 2 holes into each rectangle.
refrigerate until the dough is chilled solid, 1 hour.
preheat the oven to 325°. transfer the pan to the oven and bake, rotating once halfway through, until the dough is set and just barely browned at the edges, 16-18 minutes.
while the shortbread is still hot, use a thin knife to neatly slice into rectangles. let cool completely in the pan before removing and serving.
heat ghee in a large skillet over medium heat and cook and stir onion until translucent, about 5 minutes. stir in garlic; cook and stir just until fragrant, about 1 minute. stir cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, ginger, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, and turmeric into the onion mixture; fry until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
stir tomato sauce into the onion and spice mixture, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low. simmer sauce for 10 minutes, then mix in cream, paprika, and 1 tablespoon sugar. bring sauce back to a simmer and cook, stirring often, until sauce is thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.
heat vegetable oil in a separate skillet over medium heat. stir chicken into the hot oil, sprinkle with curry powder, and sear chicken until lightly browned but still pink inside, about 3 minutes; stir often. transfer chicken and any pan juices into the sauce. simmer chicken in sauce until no longer pink, about 30 minutes; adjust salt and sugar to taste.
in a medium bowl, mix together mayonnaise, sour cream, dry leek soup mix, water chestnuts and chopped spinach. chill in the refrigerator 6 hours, or overnight.
remove top and interior of sourdough bread. fill with mayonnaise mixture. tear removed bread chunks into pieces for dipping.
combine onions, vinegar, and sugar in medium bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. let stand until onions are soft, tossing occasionally, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.
place bottom halves of rolls on work surface. sprinkle with cheese. top each with 3 tomato slices, then 1/4 of roast beef. top each with 1/2 cup watercress, then 1/4 of pickled onions. cover with tops of rolls. cut each sandwich in half.
place chicken breasts and tomato sauce in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. bring to a boil, then add the salsa, seasoning, cumin, garlic and chili powder. let simmer for 15 minutes.
with a fork, start pulling the chicken meat apart into thin strings. keep cooking pulled chicken meat and sauce, covered, for another 5 to 10 minutes. add hot sauce to taste and stir together (note: you may need to add a bit of water if the mixture is cooked too high and gets too thick.)
in a small bowl, beat egg with water. melt butter in a large skillet over medium low heat. add egg and leave flat for 1 to 2 minutes. remove from skillet and cut into shreds.
heat oil in same skillet; add onion and saute until soft. then add rice, soy sauce, pepper and chicken. stir fry together for about 5 minutes, then stir in egg. serve hot.
preheat oven to 375 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease an 8 inch square pan.
melt butter in large skillet. remove from heat and stir in sugar. quickly add eggs and beat until well blended. combine buttermilk with baking soda and stir into mixture in pan. stir in cornmeal, flour, and salt until well blended and few lumps rema" pour batter into the prepared pan.
bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
preheat oven to 400°f. mix butter, herbs, 1 tsp salt, and 1/2 tsp pepper in a small bowl.
fold parchment sheets in half and use scissors to cut halves into 4 large hearts. unfold and place parchment hearts open on a work surface. spoon 1 tbsp herb butter in the center of one half of each heart, then divide snap peas, tomatoes, and garlic evenly into small piles over butter. lay fish over vegetables, then top with 1 tbsp herb butter; season each with 1/8 tsp salt and a pinch of pepper. fold parchment over and crimp edges tightly to form a sealed packet.
transfer packets to 2 large rimmed baking sheets, arranging in a single layer. bake until just cooked through and a tester inserted through parchment slides through fish easily, about 13 minutes. carefully cut open packets (steam will escape). top with basil.
butter can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. fish packets can be assembled 4 hours ahead; chill. let sit at room temperature 15 minutes before cooking.
place the salsa, taco seasoning, lime juice, and cilantro into a slow cooker, and stir to combine. add the chicken breasts, and stir to coat with the salsa mixture. cover the cooker, set to high, and cook until the chicken is very tender, about 4 hours. if desired, set cooker to low and cook 6 to 8 hours. shred chicken with 2 forks to serve.
preheat oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c). spray a baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
rinse tilapia fillets under cool water, and pat dry with paper towels.
place fillets in baking dish. pour lemon juice over fillets, then drizzle butter on top. sprinkle with garlic, parsley, and pepper.
bake in preheated oven until the fish is white and flakes when pulled apart with a fork, about 30 minutes.
preheat an oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
place the bacon in a large, deep skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until crisp and evenly browned, about 10 minutes. drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate; crumble the drained bacon into a bowl. stir in the cream cheese, 2 tablespoons parmesan cheese, worcestershire sauce, and pepper until evenly mixed. spoon the filling into the mushroom caps and place into an 8x8-inch baking dish. sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of parmesan cheese.
bake in the preheated oven until the mushrooms are tender and the filling is golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c). spread potato nuggets onto a baking sheet.
bake in the preheated oven until nuggets are half-cooked, 10 to 12 minutes. allow to cool until easily handled. cut each nugget in half.
reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). spray 12 muffin cups with cooking spray.
heat a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir mushrooms, onion, red bell pepper, spinach, green onions, and sun-dried tomatoes for 5 minutes. drain excess liquid and stir in chopped bacon.
beat eggs, cream, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, and pepper together in a large bowl.
spoon bacon mixture into the prepared muffin cups and top each with monterey jack cheese. pour egg mixture over cheese layer until each cup is nearly full. place 4 potato nugget halves into each.
bake in the preheated oven until set in the middle, 20 to 25 minutes.
lightly brown onion in oil in a medium size skillet.
stir in salt, cayenne, turmeric and cum" add potatoes and cook 10 minutes stirring occasionally.
add tomatoes, cover pan and cook until potatoes are soft, about 10 minutes.
in a large saucepan, heat oil.  cook onion and celery in oil for 5 to 8 minutes, or until tender. add garlic, and cook for 30 seconds, continually stirring.  stir in beans, chicken broth, pepper, thyme and 2 cups water. bring to a boil, reduce heat, and then simmer for 15 minutes.
with slotted spoon, remove 2 cups of the bean and vegetable mixture from soup and set aside.
in blender at low speed, blend remaining soup in small batches until smooth, (it helps to remove the center piece of the blender lid to allow steam to escape.)  once blended pour soup back into stock pot and stir in reserved beans.
bring to a boil, occasionally stirring.  stir in spinach and cook 1 minute or until spinach is wilted. stir in lemon juice and remove from heat and serve with fresh grated parmesan cheese on top.
preheat oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c).
season pork chops with salt and pepper to taste, and arrange in a medium oven safe skillet. top pork chops with onions, sweet potatoes, and apples. sprinkle with brown sugar. season with 2 teaspoons pepper and 1 teaspoon salt.
cover, and bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, until sweet potatoes are tender and pork chops have reached an internal temperature of 145 degrees f (63 degrees c).
place turkey breast, 1/4 cup chicken broth, lemon juice, onion, kalamata olives, sun-dried tomatoes, greek seasoning, salt, and pepper in the crock of a slow cooker.  cover; cook on low for 7 hours.
combine the remaining 1/4 cup chicken broth and the flour in a small bowl; whisk until smooth. stir into slow cooker. cover and cook on low for an additional 30 minutes.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
cream together the butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth. beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. dissolve baking soda in hot water.  add to batter along with salt. stir in flour, chocolate chips, and nuts. drop by large spoonfuls onto ungreased pans.
bake for about 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges are nicely browned.
soak skewers for 30 minutes. puree cilantro, garlic, soy sauce, orange zest, sriracha, fish sauce and sugar in a food processor. transfer marinade to a resealable plastic bag; add beef. seal bag, toss and set aside up to 30 minutes. combine dipping sauce ingredients in a bowl. thread 4 pieces of pepper and 2 beef strips on each skewer, alternating beef and peppers. coat grill rack with cooking spray; heat grill to high; cook until meat is no longer pink, about 3 minutes.
in a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and melted butter. press mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan.
in a saucepan, combine raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and water. bring to boil, and continue boiling 5 minutes, or until sauce is thick. strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds.
preheat oven to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c). in a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate chips with half-and-half, stirring occasionally until smooth.
in a large bowl, mix together cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar until smooth. beat in eggs one at a time. blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate. pour half of batter over crust. spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter. pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.
bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from pan. serve with remaining raspberry sauce.
heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. place turkey in the skillet, and cook until evenly brown; dra"
coat the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray, and mix in turkey, tomato soup, kidney beans, black beans and onion. season with chili powder, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, cumin, black pepper, allspice and salt.
cover, and cook 8 hours on low or 4 hours on high.
mix ground flax seed and water together in a small bowl. let sit to thicken, about 5 minutes.
mix flax mixture, black beans, panko bread crumbs, garlic, salt, worcestershire sauce, and liquid smoke together in a bowl until combined. form batter into 4 patties; arrange on a plate. chill in refrigerator until set, about 30 minutes.
spray a skillet with cooking spray; place patties in skillet over medium heat. cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side.
preheat oven to 450 degrees f (230 degrees c).
wrap shrimp with 1/2 slice of bacon, securing with a toothpick.  be sure and use the large shrimp--the cooking time for the shrimp and the bacon is similar.  if you use medium-sized shrimp, you might want to precook the bacon a little--over cooked shrimp are tough and rubbery--and a real shame.
line a jelly roll pan with extra heavy duty foil, and place baking rack in pan. place the shrimp on the rack, and sprinkle heavily with the barbecue seasoning, turn and sprinkle second side. let the shrimp sit for 15 minutes. the bacon will turn from creamy white to a little opaque, and the seasonings will soak "
cook the bacon for 10 to 15 minutes. the rack keeps the shrimp from sitting in the draining bacon fat. with a little luck, you won't tear the foil -- you can throw that away and only have to scrub the rack.
preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat; lightly oil the grate.
cook the corn on the preheated grill, turning occasionally, until the corn is tender and specks of black appear, about 10 minutes; set aside until just cool enough to handle. slice the kernels off of the cob and place into a bowl.
combine the warm corn kernels with the green pepper, diced tomato, onion, cilantro, and olive oil. season with salt and pepper; toss until evenly mixed. set aside for at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to blend before serving.
place ice cubes, pineapple, banana, and pineapple juice into the bowl of a blender. puree on high until smooth.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; dra"
meanwhile, melt butter together with the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. stir in onion, and cook until softened and translucent, about 2 minutes. stir in garlic, red pepper, and mushroom; cook over medium-high heat until soft, about 2 minutes more.
stir in the shrimp, and cook until firm and pink, then pour in alfredo sauce, romano cheese, and cream; bring to a simmer stirring constantly until thickened, about 5 minutes. season with cayenne, salt, and pepper to taste. stir drained pasta into the sauce, and serve sprinkled with chopped parsley.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a medium, non-stick skillet over medium heat, cook chicken until no longer pink and juices run clear. drain excess fat. cube the chicken and return it to the skillet. add the onion, sour cream, cheddar cheese, parsley, oregano and ground black pepper. heat until cheese melts. stir in salt, tomato sauce, water, chili powder, green pepper and garlic.
roll even amounts of the mixture in the tortillas. arrange in a 9x13 inch baking dish. cover with taco sauce and 3/4 cup cheddar cheese. bake uncovered in the preheated oven 20 minutes. cool 10 minutes before serving.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease a 9 inch springform pan.
in a medium bowl, mix graham cracker crumbs with melted butter. press onto bottom of springform pan.
in a large bowl, mix cream cheese with sugar until smooth. blend in milk, and then mix in the eggs one at a time, mixing just enough to incorporate. mix in sour cream, vanilla and flour until smooth. pour filling into prepared crust.
bake in preheated oven for 1 hour. turn the oven off, and let cake cool in oven with the door closed for 5 to 6 hours; this prevents cracking. chill in refrigerator until serving.
stir raspberry-flavored liqueur and agave nectar together in a tall, thin-sided glass using a spoon. tilt the glass at an angle and pour in champagne.
in a shallow dish, mix together the garlic powder, pepper, salt, paprika, bread crumbs and flour. in a separate dish, whisk together the milk and egg.
heat the oil in an electric skillet set to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). dip the chicken into the egg and milk, then dredge in the dry ingredients until evenly coated.
fry chicken in the hot oil for about 5 minutes per side, or until the chicken is cooked through and juices run clear. remove from the oil with a slotted spatula, and serve.
in a large soup pot, heat oil over medium heat.  add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender.  stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes.
stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes. bring to a boil. reduce heat, and simmer for at least 1 hour. when ready to serve stir in spinach, and cook until it wilts. stir in vinegar, and season to taste with salt and pepper, and more vinegar if desired.
place the water, sugar and yeast in the pan of the bread machine. let the yeast dissolve and foam for 10 minutes. add the oil, flour and salt to the yeast. select basic or white bread setting, and press start.
rinse lentils and soak for 20 minutes.
in a large saucepan, bring water to a boil and stir in salt, lentils, turmeric and chili powder.  cover and return to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes.  stir in the spinach and cook 5 minutes, or until lentils are soft.  add more water if necessary.
in a small saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and saute onions with cumin and mustard seeds, stirring often.  cook until onions are transparent, and then combine with lentils.  stir in garam masala and coconut milk and cook until heated through.
press the tofu: set a large plate or cutting board in a large baking dish to catch excess liquid. set the tofu on the plate, then place a second, similarly-sized plate or board on top of the tofu. press by placing about 10 pounds of weight on top–the tofu should flatten out only slightly, not be completely crushed–a heavy pot or two 5-pound bags of flour work well. set aside for at least 2 hours or overnight.
process and season the tofu: transfer the pressed tofu to a large bowl and, using a food mill or potato masher, crush the tofu until it is a consistent, smooth paste. add the scallions, mushroom bouillon, corn, and white pepper and mix until well-combined.
make the tofu balls: divide the mixture into tablespoons and roll into tightly-packed balls by cupping your hands and gently moving them in an alternating clockwise motion to smooth out any cracks. place the tofu balls on a plate or a baking sheet and set in the refrigerator, uncovered, while you make the spicy aioli and the flour paste.
in a small bowl, combine the mayo or aioli and sriracha, then set aside.
in a medium bowl, combine the flour, 1¼ cup water, and mushroom bouillon. stir well with a fork until no lumps rema" in a separate medium bowl, combine the rice flakes and half of the dry cornstarch. remove the balls from the fridge. drop them, one at a time, in the flour paste. using a kitchen “spider” strainer, a slotted spoon, or one hand, lift the balls from the paste and shake off any excess paste before dropping them in the rice flake mixture. use your dry hand to roll the balls in the flakes to fully coat. gently clench the balls to pack adhere as many flakes as possible. when the flakes begin fall off the balls, mix in the remaining cornstarch to dry the mixture and keep going. set the balls back on the baking sheet while you get ready to fry.
cover a large plate with a few layers of clean paper towels and set it by the stove. in a heavy bottomed pot, add 2 inches of oil and set over high heat. set a deep-fry thermometer in the oil and bring to 350°f. fry the balls in batches until the flakes puff up bright green and any exposed tofu turns a slight golden color, 3–4 minutes. use a spider strainer or a slotted spoon to remove the balls from the oil, and transfer to the paper towels to drain while you continue frying. transfer the balls to a serving plate, drizzle with some of the spicy aioli and serve immediately with more spicy aioli on the side for dipping.
heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. cook and stir onion in the hot oil until soft and beginning to brown, about 12 minutes. if browned bits of onion are stuck to the bottom of the pan, stir water into onion and stir to loosen the browned bits.
mix ground beef, garlic, ginger, serrano chile, and cilantro into pan; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly, 10 to 15 minutes. reduce heat to medium-low. stir coriander, salt, cumin, cayenne pepper, and turmeric into the beef; cook and stir until flavors blend, about 5 minutes. add tomatoes and potatoes, cover pot, and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.
mix green peas into dish and cook until sauce has slightly thickened and flavors have blended, 10 to 15 minutes. sprinkle garam masala over the dish, cover, and let stand for 5 minutes before serving.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
cut bacon into thirds and wrap each strip around a little sausage. place the wrapped sausages on wooden skewers, several to a skewer. arrange the skewers on a baking sheet and sprinkle them liberally with brown sugar.
bake until bacon is crisp and the brown sugar melted.
rinse scallops and place in a medium sized bowl.  pour lime juice over the scallops.  the scallops should be completely immersed in the lime juice.  chill the lime juice and scallops all day or overnight until scallops are opaque (you cannot see through them).
empty 1/2 of the lime juice from the bowl.  add tomatoes, green onions, celery, green bell pepper, parsley, black pepper, olive oil, and cilantro to the scallop mixture.  stir gently.  serve this dish in fancy glasses with a slice of lime hanging over the rim for effect.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
in a small bowl, stir together butter, mustard, and honey. set aside. in another bowl, mix together bread crumbs, pecans, and parsley.
brush each salmon fillet lightly with honey mustard mixture, and sprinkle the tops of the fillets with the bread crumb mixture.
bake salmon 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until it flakes easily with a fork.  season with salt and pepper, and garnish with a wedge of lemon.
heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. stir in the cumin seeds, garlic, and ginger paste. cook about 1 minute until garlic is lightly browned. add the potatoes. season with turmeric, paprika, cumin, garam masala, and salt. cover and continue cooking 5 to 7 minutes stirring occasionally.
mix the cauliflower and cilantro into the saucepan. reduce heat to low and cover. stirring occasionally, continue cooking 10 minutes, or until potatoes and cauliflower are tender.
create an herb bundle (bouquet garni): place the thyme sprigs, celery, and bay leaf in a neat pile, then secure them together by wrapping tightly crosswise with a piece of twine. set aside.
in a large pot, add the ventrèche, beans, potatoes, sliced garlic, carrots, leeks, onion, turnip, cabbage, the bouquet garni, a tablespoon of kosher salt, and the peppercorns. add 2 quarts of fresh water, cover the pot, and bring the liquid to a boil over high heat. once boiling, lower the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and continue to cook until the vegetables are tender and the beans are nearly tender, 50–60 minutes. take the duck legs by the ankle and use them to stir the pot a few times before dropping them into the soup. continue cooking until the beans are tender and the duck meat easily falls off the bone when poked with a fork, 25–30 minutes. let the glossy skin slip off into the soup, then remove and discard the bones, and break the meat into smaller pieces.
when ready to serve, prepare the garnish: in a medium skillet, warm the duck fat over medium heat. add the jambon de bayonne in batches and cook in a single layer, turning once, until lightly browned and crispy, about 4 minutes per side.
rub each slice of bread with one of the garlic halves and distribute the slices between 6 wide, shallow soup bowls. ladle the soup over the bread. drape a slice of griddled ham atop each bowl and serve immediately.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (205 degrees c).
place trimmed brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. seal tightly, and shake to coat. pour onto a baking sheet, and place on center oven rack.
roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning. reduce heat when necessary to prevent burning. brussels sprouts should be darkest brown, almost black, when done. adjust seasoning with kosher salt, if necessary. serve immediately.
heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until lightly browned, about 10 minutes.
mix quinoa into onion mixture and cover with vegetable broth; season with cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper. bring the mixture to a boil. cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender and broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes.
stir frozen corn into the saucepan, and continue to simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes; mix in the black beans and cilantro.
heat chocolate chips and 4 tablespoons cream in microwave in 1-cup glass measuring cup at 50 percent power just until chocolate is melted, about 30 to 35 seconds. stir to blend; cool chocolate sauce to lukewarm. whisk mascarpone, amaretto, sugar, and remaining 2 tablespoons cream in medium bowl until blended and mixture just starts to thicken.
using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out round from each angel food cake slice. place 1 cake round in each of 4 wine goblets or old-fashioned glasses. top each cake round with 3 banana slices, 1 heaping tablespoon mascarpone mixture, bittersweet chocolate sauce, and sprinkling of almonds. repeat parfait layering 1 more time and serve.
combine cabbage, vegetable broth, diced tomatoes, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, apple cider vinegar, lemon juice, and sage in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as instant pot(r)). close and lock the lid. select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 15 minutes. allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. unlock and remove lid.
in a large pot or dutch oven, cook beef in oil over medium heat until brown. dissolve bouillon in water and pour into pot. stir in rosemary, parsley and pepper. bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour.
stir potatoes, carrots, celery, and onion into the pot. dissolve cornstarch in 2 teaspoons cold water and stir into stew. cover and simmer 1 hour more.
in a medium bowl, mix the cream cheese, cheddar cheese and bacon bits. spoon this mixture into the jalapeno pepper halves.
put the milk and flour into two separate small bowls. dip the stuffed jalapenos first into the milk then into the flour, making sure they are well coated with each. allow the coated jalapenos to dry for about 10 minutes.
dip the jalapenos in milk again and roll them through the breadcrumbs. allow them to dry, then repeat to ensure  the entire surface of the jalapeno is coated.
in a medium skillet, heat the oil to 365 degrees f ( 180 degrees c). deep fry the coated jalapenos 2 to 3 minutes each, until golden brown. remove and let drain on a paper towel.
preheat oven to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c).
in a large saucepan, melt butter over low heat. stir in the package of dressing mix. blend in wine and golden mushroom soup. mix in cream cheese, and stir until smooth. heat through, but do not boil.  arrange chicken breasts in a single layer in a 9x13 inch baking dish. pour sauce over.
bake for 60 minutes in the preheated oven. twenty minutes before the chicken is done, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil. cook pasta until al dente, about 5 minutes. dra" serve chicken and sauce over pasta.
spray the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray. spread the onion slices out into the bottom of the cooker.
spread the flour out onto a work surface. sprinkle the chuck roast with salt and black pepper, and roll the roast in the flour to coat all sides. using the edge of a small, sturdy plate, pound the flour into the meat. place the floured roast into the cooker on top of the onions. whisk together beef gravy mix, ranch dressing mix, and italian dressing mix in a bowl, and whisk the mixes with water until smooth. pour over the chuck roast. distribute carrots around the meat.
cover the cooker, set to low, and cook until the roast is tender and the gravy has thickened, about 8 hours.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). sift together the flour and baking soda, set aside.
in a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar. beat in the instant pudding mix until blended. stir in the eggs and vanilla. blend in the flour mixture. finally, stir in the chocolate chips and nuts. drop cookies by rounded spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets.
bake for 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven. edges should be golden brown.
wash the lentils in cold water until the water runs clear. put lentils in a pot with enough water to cover; bring to a boil, place a cover on the pot, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, adding water during cooking as needed to keep covered, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. dra"
heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onions in hot oil until caramelized, about 20 minutes.
mix curry paste, curry powder, turmeric, cumin, chili powder, salt, sugar, garlic, and ginger together in a large bowl; stir into the onions. increase heat to high and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes.
stir in the tomato puree, remove from heat and stir into the lentils.
pound the steaks to about 1/4-inch thickness. place 2 cups of  flour in a shallow bowl. stir together the baking powder, baking soda, pepper, and salt in a separate shallow bowl; stir in the buttermilk, egg, tabasco sauce, and garlic. dredge each steak first in the flour, then in the batter, and again in the flour. pat the flour onto the surface of each steak so they are completely coated with dry flour.
heat the shortening in a deep cast-iron skillet to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c). fry the steaks until evenly golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. place fried steaks on a plate with paper towels to dra" drain the fat from the skillet, reserving 1/4 cup of the liquid and as much of the solid remnants as possible.
return the skillet to medium-low heat with the reserved oil. whisk the remaining flour into the oil. scrape the bottom of the pan with a spatula to release solids into the gravy. stir in the milk, raise the heat to medium, and bring the gravy to a simmer, cook until thick, 6 to 7 minutes. season with kosher salt and pepper. spoon the gravy over the steaks to serve.
turn on a multi-cooker (such as instant pot(r)) and select saute function. heat oil for 1 minute. add onion and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook and stir until onion begins to soften, 3 to 4 minutes.
season beef with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. add to the pot. cook and stir until browned evenly on all sides, about 2 minutes. add garlic and thyme; cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. pour in soy sauce.
stir mushrooms into the pot. stir in flour until evenly incorporated. pour in chicken broth and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. close and lock the lid. set timer for 10 minutes. set to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 15 minutes.
release pressure carefully using the quick-release method. open pressure cooker; add egg noodles. seal and bring to high pressure again, about 5 minutes; cook for 5 minutes.
release pressure naturally according to manufacturer's instruction for 5 minutes. release remaining pressure using the quick-release method. open pressure cooker; stir in sour cream.
preheat oven to 300°f. place salmon in a baking dish and rub with lemon zest, oregano, salt, and pepper on all sides, then coat with oil. arrange peppers around salmon. bake until salmon is firm but still pink in the center, about 20 minutes (if you prefer salmon more well done, cook an additional 5 minutes).
set a steamer basket in a large pot filled with 2" water. cover pot and bring water to a boil. add potatoes, cover, and steam until tender, 10–12 minutes. add asparagus to potatoes, cover, and steam until crisp-tender, 3–5 minutes.
meanwhile, whisk oil, lemon juice, honey, salt, pepper, and 1/4 cup dill in a small bowl or measuring cup. toss escarole with half of the dressing in a large bowl, then transfer to a serving platter.
toss potatoes and asparagus with remaining dressing in same bowl, then arrange over escarole. flake salmon into large pieces and arrange on platter. top with feta, peppers, and dill sprigs.
to make the marinade, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, lime juice, lime zest, honey, garlic, cumin, chili powder, seafood seasoning, black pepper, and hot sauce in a bowl until blended. place the tilapia in a shallow dish, and pour the marinade over the fish. cover, and refrigerate 6 to 8 hours.
to make the dressing, combine the sour cream and adobo sauce in a bowl. stir in the lime juice, lime zest, cumin, chili powder, seafood seasoning. add salt, and pepper in desired amounts. cover, and refrigerate until needed.
preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate. set grate 4 inches from the heat.
remove fish from marinade, drain off any excess and discard marinade. grill fish pieces until easily flaked with a fork, turning once, about 9 minutes.
assemble tacos by placing fish pieces in the center of tortillas with desired amounts of tomatoes, cilantro, and cabbage; drizzle with dressing. to serve, roll up tortillas around fillings, and garnish with lime wedges.
saute onions, celery, carrot, and butter in a large soup pot. add flour and curry, and cook 5 more minutes. add chicken stock, mix well, and bring to a boil. simmer about 1/2 hour.
add apple, rice, chicken, salt, pepper, and thyme. simmer 15-20 minutes, or until rice is done.
when serving, add hot cream.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
toss butternut squash with olive oil and garlic in a large bowl. season with salt and black pepper. arrange coated squash on a baking sheet.
roast in the preheated oven until squash is tender and lightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes.
place the onion, garlic, carrots, sweet potatoes, garbanzo beans, and chicken breast pieces into a slow cooker. in a bowl, mix the cumin, turmeric, cinnamon, black pepper, parsley, and salt, and sprinkle over the chicken and vegetables. pour in the tomatoes, and stir to combine.
cover the cooker, set to high, and cook until the sweet potatoes are tender and the sauce has thickened, 4 to 5 hours.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
bake sweet potatoes 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until they begin to soften. cool slightly, peel, and mash.
in a large bowl, mix the mashed sweet potatoes, salt, 1/4 cup butter, eggs, vanilla extract, cinnamon, sugar, and heavy cream. transfer to the prepared baking dish.
in a medium bowl, combine 1/4 cup butter, flour, brown sugar, and chopped pecans. mix with a pastry blender or your fingers to the consistency of course meal. sprinkle over the sweet potato mixture.
bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until topping is crisp and lightly browned.
heat a griddle or large skillet over medium-low heat while you make the batter.
mix together the dry ingredients. beat the eggs into 1 1/2 cups of the milk, then stir in the 2 tablespoons cooled melted butter if you’re using it. gently stir this mixture into the dry ingredients, mixing only enough to moisten the flour; don’t worry about a few lumps. if the batter seems thick, add a little more milk.
use a little butter or oil each time you add batter, unless your skillet is truly nonstick. when the butter foam subsides or the oil shimmers, ladle batter onto the griddle or skillet, making any size pancakes you like. adjust the heat as necessary; usually, the first batch will require higher heat than subsequent batches. the idea is to brown the bottom in 2 to 4 minutes, without burning it. flip when bubbles appear in the center of the pan-cakes and the bottoms are cooked; they won’t hold together well until they’re ready.
cook until the second side is lightly browned, a couple more minutes, and serve or hold on an oven-proof plate in a 200°f oven for up to 15 minutes.
sourdough pancakes: this requires a sourdough starter, but if you have one this is a good place to take advantage of your foresight. substitute 1 cup sourdough starter for half the flour; reduce the milk and salt by half, the baking powder to 1/2 teaspoon, and the egg to 1. mix the starter, flour, and 1/2 cup of the milk to a medium-thin batter; let sit for an hour. just before cooking, stir in the salt, sugar, and baking powder; then beat in the egg.
preheat an oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c). grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. combine the chicken, sour cream, salt, and pepper in a bowl; set aside.
heat the oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. dip the corn tortillas into the hot oil one at a time until softened, about 10 seconds each. spoon a heaping tablespoon of chicken mixture onto each tortilla, spread down the center and roll into a cylinder. place seam side down into the prepared baking dish. when all tortillas are filled and rolled, sprinkle the green chiles over all and top with the shredded monterey jack cheese.
bake in the preheated oven until the cheese has melted and the enchiladas are hot, 12 to 15 minutes.
wrap tortillas in foil and place in oven heated to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). bake for 15 minutes or until heated through.
heat oil in a 10-inch skillet over medium heat. place onion, bell pepper, garlic and jalapenos in skillet, cook for 2 minutes stirring occasionally. pour beans into skillet, cook 3 minutes stirring.
cut cream cheese into cubes and add to skillet with salt. cook for 2 minutes stirring occasionally. stir cilantro into mixture.
spoon mixture evenly down center of warmed tortilla and roll tortillas up. serve immediately.
cook and stir ground beef in a skillet over medium heat until meat is crumbly and no longer pink, 5 to 10 minutes. drain excess grease. stir in taco seasoning mix and water and simmer until beef mixture has thickened, 8 to 10 minutes.
set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the broiler. line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
spread tortilla chips on the prepared baking sheet; top with cheddar cheese and dot with refried beans and ground beef mixture.
broil in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, watching carefully to prevent burning, 3 to 5 minutes.
top nachos with salsa, sour cream, black olives, green onions, and jalapeno peppers.
preheat the oven to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c). grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper.
sift together the flour, baking soda and salt; set aside.
in a medium bowl, cream together the melted butter, brown sugar and white sugar until well blended. beat in the vanilla, egg, and egg yolk until light and creamy. mix in the sifted ingredients until just blended. stir in the chocolate chips by hand using a wooden spoon. drop cookie dough 1/4 cup at a time onto the prepared cookie sheets. cookies should be about 3 inches apart.
bake for 15 to 17 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the edges are lightly toasted. cool on baking sheets for a few minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.
mix the mustard, pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a shallow bowl. add the fish fillets, turning to coat. marinate the fish in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
combine the onion, garlic, ginger, and cashews in a blender or food processor and pulse until the mixture forms a paste.
preheat an oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. stir in the prepared paste; cook and stir for a minute or two. add the cayenne pepper, turmeric, cumin, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, and sugar. cook and stir for an additional five minutes. stir in the chopped tomato and vegetable broth.
arrange the fish fillets in a baking dish, discarding any extra marinade. top the fish with the sauce, cover the baking dish, and bake in the preheated oven until the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 30 minutes. garnish with chopped cilantro.
in a large wok or skillet heat oil over medium heat; saute onions until translucent.  stir in creamed corn and curry paste.  cook, stirring regularly, for 5 minutes.  as you stir, add salt, pepper and garlic.
stir in garbanzo beans and gently fold in tofu.  add spinach and cover.  when spinach is tender, remove from heat and stir in basil.
season salmon fillets with lemon pepper, garlic powder, and salt.
in a small bowl, stir together soy sauce, brown sugar, water, and vegetable oil until sugar is dissolved. place fish in a large resealable plastic bag with the soy sauce mixture, seal, and turn to coat. refrigerate for at least 2 hours.
preheat grill for medium heat.
lightly oil grill grate. place salmon on the preheated grill, and discard marinade. cook salmon for 6 to 8 minutes per side, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork.
12 hours before you plan to cook the dish, soak the beans: in a large pot, cover the beans with several inches of cold water and refrigerate overnight.
the following day, drain the beans, discarding the soaking liquid. rinse well and return the beans to the large pot. cover them with an inch of fresh water, set over medium-high heat, and bring to the boil. boil until a cap of foam forms over the beans, about 15 minutes, then drain the beans through a colander and rinse aga" return the beans to the pot, cover them with another inch of fresh water, and set over medium-high heat. bring to a low boil and cook, skimming off any foam that appears, for 45 minutes. add the ground marigold, kondari or thyme, cayenne, half of the chopped cilantro, and half of the onions. continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, 45–50 minutes, adding more water as necessary to keep the beans covered by an inch of liquid.
meanwhile, in a small skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. as the foam begins to subside, add the remaining onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are softened and light golden, 12–15 minutes. remove from the heat and set aside.
in a mortar and pestle or a food processor, pound or pulse together the whole marigold petals and the coriander seed. add the garlic and pound or pulse to break up the garlic. add the parsley, celery leaf, and remaining remaining cilantro, pounding or pulsing until the mixture is a coarse paste. pound or pulse in the ground walnuts, fenugreek, and salt until well-combined and set aside.
when the beans are tender, reduce to medium-low heat and stir the paste into the pot. add the sautéed onions and the sour plum sauce or lemon juice and cook, stirring frequently, 10 minutes more. taste for seasoning, divide into serving bowls, garnish with marigold leaves (if using) and serve immediately, either hot or at room temperature.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c.)
in a saucepan, combine chicken, carrots, peas, and celery. add water to cover and boil for 15 minutes. remove from heat, drain and set aside.
in the saucepan over medium heat, cook onions in butter until soft and translucent. stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. simmer over medium-low heat until thick. remove from heat and set aside.
place the chicken mixture in bottom pie crust. pour hot liquid mixture over. cover with top crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.
bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly. cool for 10 minutes before serving.
in an electric blender or food processor, puree the chickpeas, red peppers, lemon juice, tahini, garlic, cumin, cayenne, and salt. process, using long pulses, until the mixture is fairly smooth, and slightly fluffy. make sure to scrape the mixture off the sides of the food processor or blender in between pulses. transfer to a serving bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. (the hummus can be made up to 3 days ahead and refrigerated. return to room temperature before serving.)
sprinkle the hummus with the chopped parsley before serving.
preheat the oven's broiler. rub oil on the outside of the egg plant, or coat with cooking spray. place under the broiler, and cook until the flesh is soft and the skin is blistering off, about 30 minutes. turn as needed for even cooking. cut the eggplant in half lengthwise, and scoop the flesh out of the sk" discard the skin; chop up the flesh, and set aside.
heat the oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. add the cumin seeds, and let them crackle for a few seconds and turn golden brown. be careful not to burn them. add the onion, ginger and garlic; cook and stir until tender. i don't let the onions get very brown. stir in the tomato, and season with turmeric, ground cumin, ground coriander, cayenne pepper, salt and black pepper. cook and stir for a few minutes.
place the eggplant pieces in the skillet, and cook for 10 to 15 minutes so some of the moisture evaporates.  taste, and adjust seasonings if desired. garnish with fresh cilantro, and serve.
1. let meat stand at cool room temperature about 45 minutes before roasting.
2. preheat oven to 450°f.
3. put roast on a metal rack in a roasting pan (fat side up) and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.
4. add about 1/4 inch water to bottom of pan and put roast in middle of oven. immediately reduce temperature to 350°f and roast meat until an instant-read thermometer inserted in center registers 120°f. cooking time will vary—it will be anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes per pound—depending on size of roast. (120°f means rare, which is traditional for beef on weck. internal temperature of meat will rise about 5°f as roast stands.)
5. let roast stand, loosely covered with foil, 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.
in a small bowl, mix the maple syrup, soy sauce, garlic, garlic salt, and pepper.
place salmon in a shallow glass baking dish, and coat with the maple syrup mixture. cover the dish, and marinate salmon in the refrigerator 30 minutes, turning once.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
place the baking dish in the preheated oven, and bake salmon uncovered 20 minutes, or until easily flaked with a fork.
place the chicken in a large pot and add water to cover. bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the chicken pieces are no longer pink, about 10 minutes. shred chicken by placing two forks back to back and pulling meat apart. set the shredded chicken aside. meanwhile, combine the cream of chicken soup, sour cream, and chili powder in a saucepan. bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, then turn off the heat and cover to keep warm.
heat the butter in a skillet over medium heat. stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. add the shredded chicken, chopped green chilies, taco seasoning, half of the bunch of chopped green onion, and water. allow to simmer for 10 minutes. stir in the lime juice, onion powder, and garlic powder; simmer for an additional 10 minutes.
preheat an oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). stir 1 cup of the soup mixture into the skillet with the chicken mixture. spread the remaining soup mixture on the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
fill each tortilla with chicken mixture. sprinkle cheddar cheese over the chicken filling before folding the tortillas, reserving half of the shredded cheese for topping the enchiladas.  fold tortillas over the filling and place seam-side down in the prepared pan.
pour enchilada sauce evenly over the enchiladas. cover with the remaining 1 1/2 cups of cheddar cheese. sprinkle the reserved chopped green onions and the sliced olives on top of the cheese. bake in the preheated oven until filling is heated through and the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 25 minutes.
in a medium stock pot, heat oil over medium heat. saute onion and garlic in oil until soft.  stir in chili powder, oregano, tomatoes, broth, and water. bring to a boil, and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes.
stir in corn, hominy, chiles, beans, cilantro, and chicken. simmer for 10 minutes.
ladle soup into individual serving bowls, and top with crushed tortilla chips, avocado slices, cheese, and chopped green onion.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a large bowl, combine the beef, egg, onion, milk and bread or cracker crumbs. season with salt and pepper to taste and place in a lightly greased 5x9 inch loaf pan, or form into a loaf and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
in a separate small bowl, combine the brown sugar, mustard and ketchup. mix well and pour over the meatloaf.
bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 1 hour.
carefully lower eggs into a small saucepan of gently boiling water; cook 10 minutes. transfer to a bowl of ice water and let cool; dra" peel eggs; thinly slice.
toss lettuce, cucumber, onion, smoked trout, quinoa, oil, capers, and 1 tbsp lemon juice in a large bowl to combine; season with salt and pepper.
mix yogurt, lemon zest, and remaining 2 tsp lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt. divide lemon yogurt between 2 bowls and mound salad over. top with egg slices and dill.
place ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer.
select basic bread setting, normal crust.
to make marinade: combine 1 tablespoon wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon cornstarch/water mixture and mix together. place chicken pieces in a glass dish or bowl and add marinade. toss to coat. cover dish and place in refrigerator for about 30 minutes.
to make sauce: in a small bowl combine 1 tablespoon wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch/water mixture, chili paste, vinegar and sugar. mix together and add green onion, garlic, water chestnuts and peanuts. in a medium skillet, heat sauce slowly until aromatic.
meanwhile, remove chicken from marinade and saute in a large skillet until meat is white and juices run clear. when sauce is aromatic, add sauteed chicken to it and let simmer together until sauce thickens.
in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, whisk the yeast, 2 cups cold water, and 1 tablespoon plus 1 ½ teaspoons olive oil.
in a medium bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. slowly add the flour mixture to the yeast mixture, beating on the lowest setting until a dough forms and becomes elastic and smooth, about 5 minutes. mix in 1 tablespoon of oil, then turn off the mixer.
grease a large bowl lightly with olive oil, and transfer the dough to the bowl. drizzle a little oil over the dough, spreading it to coat. cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm spot until the dough has doubled in size, about 90 minutes.
preheat the oven to 375°. using the palms of your hands, or a rolling pin to help if necessary, stretch and spread the dough out onto a clean work surface into an even rectangle, about 14x16 inches in size. position it with a long side facing you, then layer the garlic, mozzarella, salami, and basil across the bottom ¾ of the dough, leaving the top quarter of the dough empty. roll the bottommost quarter of dough over some of the filling, then repeat twice until all of the filling is enclosed; pull the empty flap of dough over the rest. press to seal the dough and enclose the filling on all sides.
line a clean baking sheet with parchment paper. scatter the tomatoes around the top of the stromboli and press them gently into the dough. sprinkle the rosemary and sea salt over the top of the dough and transfer to the oven. bake for 20 minutes, then rotate the pan in the oven and repeat. flip the stromboli on the baking sheet and bake for 5 minutes more. remove from the oven and let cool slightly before slicing and serving.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c). spray a 9x13 inch pan with cooking spray.
arrange the salmon skin side down in the prepared pan, and lightly coat with the dijon mustard. place the garlic and onion slices on the salmon fillets. season with tarragon, salt, and pepper.
bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until salmon is easily flaked with a fork.
place shrimp in a bowl (you may either coarsely chop the shrimp, or leave them whole, depending on your preference.) add lemon, covering shrimp completely.  cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until opaque and slightly firm.
add tomatoes, onions, cucumber, radishes, and garlic; toss to combine. gradually add cilantro and jalapenos to desired taste (jalapeno will grow stronger while marinating). stir in tomato and clam juices to desired consistency. cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour. serve chilled with tortilla chips.
in a 5 quart dutch oven, brown sausage. remove sausage and drain, reserving 1 tablespoon of the drippings.
saute onions and garlic in drippings. stir in beef broth, water, wine, tomatoes, carrots, basil, oregano, tomato sauce, and sausage. bring to a boil. reduce heat; simmer uncovered for 30 minutes.
skim fat from the soup. stir in zucchini and parsley. simmer covered for 30 minutes. add tortellini during the last 10 minutes. sprinkle with parmesan cheese on top of each serving.
preheat the oven to 450 degrees f (220 degrees c). grease a large casserole dish.
place the olive oil and garlic in a large resealable bag. add cauliflower, and shake to mix. pour into the prepared casserole dish, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
bake for 25 minutes, stirring halfway through. top with parmesan cheese and parsley, and broil for 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown.
bring orange juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, orange zest, and lemon zest to a boil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. remove from heat, and stir in vanilla extract. set aside to cool.
layer the fruit in a large, clear glass bowl in this order: pineapple, strawberries, kiwi fruit, bananas, oranges, grapes, and blueberries. pour the cooled sauce over the fruit. cover and refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours before serving.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans or one 9x13 inch pan.
in large bowl combine flour, sugar, cocoa,  baking soda, baking powder and salt. make a well in the center.
add eggs, coffee, buttermilk, oil and vanilla. beat for 2 minutes on medium speed. batter will be th" pour into prepared pans.
bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. cool for 10 minutes, then remove from pans and finish cooling on a wire rack. fill and frost as desired.
crumble ground beef in a large, deep skillet. cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. drain, mix in the taco sauce and set aside.
in a large bowl,  mix the sour cream, cream cheese and taco seasoning mix. spread the mixture into a medium serving dish.
layer the sour cream mixture with beef mixture, cheddar cheese and lettuce. top with tomato, green onions and black olives.
in a medium skillet, cook the ground beef until browned over medium heat. drain, and set aside.
place the ground beef, onion, chili beans, kidney beans, corn, tomato sauce, water, diced tomatoes, green chile peppers and taco seasoning mix in a slow cooker. mix to blend, and cook on low setting for 8 hours.
preheat the oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees f). grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
place the tilapia fillets in the bottom of the baking dish and dot with butter. season with old bay seasoning and garlic salt. top each one with a slice or two of lemon. arrange the frozen mixed vegetables around the fish, and season lightly with salt and pepper.
cover the dish and bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until vegetables are tender and fish flakes easily with a fork.
bring 1 1/4 cup vegetable broth and water to a boil in a saucepan, stir in couscous, and mix in salt and black pepper. reduce heat to low and simmer until liquid is absorbed, about 8 minutes.
heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; stir in pine nuts and cook, stirring frequently, until pine nuts smell toasted and are golden brown, about 1 minute. remove from heat.
heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan; cook and stir garlic and shallot in the hot oil until softened, about 2 minutes. stir black olives and sun-dried tomatoes into garlic mixture and cook until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes, stirring often. slowly pour in 1 cup vegetable broth and bring mixture to a boil. reduce heat to low and simmer until sauce has reduced, 8 to 10 minutes.
transfer couscous to a large serving bowl, mix with sauce, and serve topped with parsley and pine nuts.
place an oven rack in the lowest position in oven and preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
place salmon fillet with skin side down in the middle of a large piece of parchment paper; season with salt and black pepper. cut 2 3-inch slits into the fish with a sharp knife. stuff chopped basil leaves into the slits. spray fillet with cooking spray and arrange lemon slices on top.
fold edges of parchment paper over the fish several times to seal into an airtight packet. place sealed packet onto a baking sheet.
bake fish on the bottom rack of oven until salmon flakes easily and meat is pink and opaque with an interior of slightly darker pink color, about 25 minutes. an instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the fillet should read at least 145 degrees f (65 degrees c). to serve, cut the parchment paper open and remove lemon slices before plating fish.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
in a large bowl, stir together the melted butter and sugar. add the eggs and vanilla, mix well. combine the flour, baking soda and salt, stir into the butter mixture until smooth. finally, fold in the sour cream, walnuts and bananas. spread evenly into the prepared pan.
bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean. cool loaf in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; dra"
heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. saute garlic until tender, then stir in chicken. season with red pepper flakes. cook until chicken is golden, and cooked through.
in a large bowl, combine pasta, chicken, sun-dried tomatoes and pesto. toss to coat evenly.
in a blender, combine soy milk, oats, banana and strawberries. add vanilla and sugar if desired. blend until smooth. pour into glasses and serve.
preheat oven to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c). put sweet potatoes in a medium saucepan  with water to cover. cook over medium high heat until tender; drain and mash.
in a large bowl, mix together the sweet potatoes, white sugar, eggs, salt, butter, milk and vanilla extract. mix until smooth. transfer to a 9x13 inch baking dish.
in medium bowl, mix the brown sugar and flour. cut in the butter until the mixture is coarse. stir in the pecans. sprinkle the mixture over the sweet potato mixture.
bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until the topping is lightly brown.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a large bowl, stir together the flour, oatmeal, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.
in another large bowl, beat the sugar with the shortening until smooth and creamy; mix in beaten eggs, molasses, and vanilla. gradually mix in the dry ingredients. stir in walnuts and raisins. drop by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets.
bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until slightly browned. allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
heat 4 cups vegetable oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c).
beat the egg in a mixing bowl. add the chicken cubes; sprinkle with salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, and white pepper; mix well. mix in 1 cup of cornstarch a little bit at a time until the chicken cubes are well coated.
in batches, carefully drop the chicken cubes into the hot oil one by one, cooking until they turns golden brown and begin to float, about 3 minutes. remove the chicken and allow to cool as you fry the next batch. once all of the chicken has been fried, refry the chicken, starting with the batch that was cooked first. cook until the chicken turns deep golden brown, about 2 minutes more. drain on a paper towel-lined plate.
heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. stir in the green onion, garlic, whole chiles, and orange zest. cook and stir a minute or two until the garlic has turned golden and the chiles brighten. add 1/2 cup sugar, the ginger, chicken broth, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and peanut oil; bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes.
dissolve 2 teaspoons of cornstarch into the water, and stir into the boiling sauce. return to a boil and cook until the sauce thickens and is no longer cloudy from the cornstarch, about 1 minute. stir the chicken into the boiling sauce. reduce heat to low and cook for a few minutes until the chicken absorbs some of the sauce.
slice the steak into 1/2-inch thick slices across the gra"
whisk together soy sauce, sugar, cornstarch, and ginger in a bowl until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is smooth. place the steak slices into the marinade, and stir until well-coated.
heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat, and place 1/3 of the steak strips into the hot oil. cook and stir until the beef is well-browned, about 3 minutes, and remove the beef from the wok to a bowl. repeat twice more, with the remaining beef, and set the cooked beef aside.
return all the cooked beef to the hot wok, and stir in the onion. toss the beef and onion together until the onion begins to soften, about 2 minutes, then stir in the green pepper. cook and stir the mixture until the pepper has turned bright green and started to become tender, about 2 minutes, then add the tomatoes, stir everything together, and serve.
grind onion, tomato, ginger, garlic, and chile pepper together in a food processor into a paste.
heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. fry bay leaves in hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds. pour the paste into the skillet and cook until the oil begins to separate from the mixture and is golden brown in color, 2 to 3 minutes. season the mixture with chili powder, coriander, powder, gram masala, turmeric, and salt; cook and stir until very hot, 2 to 3 minutes.
stir enough water into the mixture to get a thick gravy; bring to a boil and stir chickpeas into the gravy. reduce heat to medium and cook until the chickpeas are heated through, 5 to 7 minutes. garnish with cilantro.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
combine chicken, cream cheese, hot pepper sauce, 1/2 cup pepper jack cheese, blue cheese dressing, crumbled blue cheese, seafood seasoning, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl.
transfer chicken mixture to a 9-inch round baking dish and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons pepper jack cheese.
bake until lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. remove from oven and garnish with cayenne pepper.
preheat oven to 210 degrees f (100 degrees c). line a baking sheet with baking parchment.
drain chickpeas, reserving 1/2 cup liquid from the can. save the chickpeas for another use. pour chickpea liquid into a bowl and add the cream of tartar. beat mixture using an electric mixer until soft peaks form. gradually add sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, as you continually beat until glossy peaks form, about 20 minutes; beat in vanilla extract until well incorporated.
spoon mixture into a piping bag and pipe into small circles, about 1 inch in diameter, onto the prepared baking sheet.
bake in the preheated oven until meringues are firm and come away easily from the parchment paper, about 90 minutes. remove from the oven and allow to cool completely, at least 15 minutes.
heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. saute onion until lightly browned. stir in garlic, curry powder, cinnamon, paprika, bay leaf, ginger, sugar and salt. continue stirring for 2 minutes. add chicken pieces, tomato paste, yogurt, and coconut milk. bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes.
remove bay leaf, and stir in lemon juice and cayenne pepper. simmer 5 more minutes.
mix the strawberries and blueberries together in a bowl, sprinkle with sugar and lemon juice, and toss lightly. refrigerate until cold, at least 30 minutes. about 30 minutes before serving, cut the bananas into 3/4-inch thick slices, and toss with the berries.
heat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. stir in onion, garlic, and bell pepper; cook until tender. stir in mashed beans. add the cornmeal. mix in cumin, paprika, cayenne, chili powder, and salsa. cover, and cook 5 minutes.
place the shredded imitation crab into a glass or porcelain bowl. plastic or metal are not recommended. stir olive oil into the crabmeat until well coated, then stir in the cilantro, onion, tomato and serrano peppers.  squeeze the lime juice over everything, and mix well. season with plenty of salt and pepper. refrigerate for about 1 hour before serving.
in a slow cooker, combine the meat, soup, onion, worcestershire sauce and water.
cook on low setting for 8 hours, or on high setting for about 5 hours. stir in cream cheese just before serving.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease and flour a 9x13-inch baking dish.
beat cake mix, water, eggs, and vegetable oil together in a bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed until batter is smooth, about 2 minutes. pour batter into the prepared baking dish.
bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 34 to 38 minutes. poke holes into cake using a straw.
stir sweetened condensed milk and caramel topping together in a bowl; pour over warm cake and holes. cool cake completely, about 1 hour.
spread whipped topping over cake and sprinkle toffee bits over whipped topping.
heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saucepan over medium high heat. saute shallot and onion until soft and translucent. stir in butter, lemon juice, ginger-garlic paste, 1 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, cumin and bay leaf. cook, stirring, for 1 minute. add tomato sauce, and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.  stir in half-and-half and yogurt. reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. season with salt pepper. remove from heat and set aside.
heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. cook chicken until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. reduce heat, and season with 1 teaspoon garam masala and cayenne. stir in a few spoonfuls of sauce, and simmer until liquid has reduced, and chicken is no longer pink. stir cooked chicken into sauce.
mix together cornstarch and water, then stir into the sauce. cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until thickened.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). lightly grease a 9x13 baking dish.
combine the melted butter, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl. beat in the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each, until thoroughly blended.
sift the flour, cocoa powder, and salt in a bowl. gradually stir flour mixture into the egg mixture until blended. stir in the chocolate morsels. spread the batter evenly into the prepared baking dish.
bake in preheated oven until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. remove, and cool pan on wire rack before cutting.
in a large bowl, blend cornstarch, garlic, 1 teaspoon ginger, and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil until cornstarch is dissolved. mix in broccoli, snow peas, carrots, and green beans, tossing to lightly coat.
heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat.  cook vegetables in oil for 2 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent burning. stir in soy sauce and water. mix in onion, salt, and remaining 1 teaspoon ginger. cook until vegetables are tender but still crisp.
preheat grill for high heat.
in a medium bowl, mix together corn, red onion, jicama, red bell pepper, and cilantro. stir in lime juice and zest.
in a small bowl, combine cayenne pepper, ground black pepper, and salt.
brush each fillet with olive oil, and sprinkle with spices to taste.
arrange fillets on grill grate, and cook for 3 minutes per side. for each fiery fish taco, top two corn tortillas with fish, sour cream, and corn salsa.
in a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy. stir in sugar, milk, egg, salt, and enough flour to make a soft dough. knead for 6 to 8 minutes on a lightly floured surface, or until smooth. place dough in a well oiled bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and set aside to rise. let it rise 1 hour, until the dough has doubled in volume.
punch down dough, and knead in garlic. pinch off small handfuls of dough about the size of a golf ball. roll into balls, and place on a tray. cover with a towel, and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.
during the second rising, preheat grill to high heat.
at grill side, roll one ball of dough out into a thin circle. lightly oil grill. place dough on grill, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until puffy and lightly browned. brush uncooked side with butter, and turn over. brush cooked side with butter, and cook until browned, another 2 to 4 minutes. remove from grill, and continue the process until all the naan has been prepared.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a large skillet over medium-high heat, cook ground beef until no longer pink. stir in salsa, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. stir in beans, and heat through.
spray a 9x13 baking dish with cooking spray. spread crushed tortilla chips in dish, and then spoon beef mixture over chips. spread sour cream over beef, and sprinkle olives, green onion, and tomato over the sour cream. top with cheddar cheese.
bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.
mix together salt, garlic powder, cumin, oregano, coriander, and cinnamon in a bowl. coat pork with the spice mixture. place the bay leaves in the bottom of a slow cooker and place the pork on top. pour the chicken broth around the sides of the pork, being careful not to rinse off the spice mixture.
cover and cook on low until the pork shreds easily with a fork, about 10 hours. turn the meat after it has cooked for 5 hours. when the pork is tender, remove from slow cooker, and shred with two forks. use cooking liquid as needed to moisten the meat.
combine the walnuts, garlic, coriander seed, fenugreek, 1 teaspoon salt, cilantro, basil, mint, dill, chilli (if using), ¼ cup of water in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until you have an even, spreadable paste. if the mixture seems too dry, thin with up to 3 additional tablespoons of water.
sprinkle each eggplant slice with a little salt on both sides and place in a large bowl for 30 minutes to draw out some of the water. drain the slices in a colander and rinse well under cold running water. squeeze each slice carefully to remove excess liquid, then pat dry with paper towels.
line a baking sheet with several layers of dry paper towels and set by the stove. in a large, deep skillet, add enough oil to come up ½ inch and set over medium-high heat. when the oil is hot (350°f on a deep-fry thermometer), add a single layer of eggplant slices to the pan. don’t crowd them or the oil temperature will drop and the eggplant will become greasy. fry until golden, 3–4 minutes per side, then use tongs or a slotted metal spoon to transfer them  to the lined baking sheet. continue frying the rest of the slices in batches.
when the eggplant is cool enough to handle, spread a tablespoon of the walnut paste onto each slice, then roll them up up and transfer to a serving platter. sprinkle with pomegranate seeds, fresh herbs, and additional salt if you like.
bring quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan. reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. set aside to cool.
whisk olive oil, lime juice, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes together in a bowl.
combine quinoa, tomatoes, black beans, and green onions together in a bowl. pour dressing over quinoa mixture; toss to coat. stir in cilantro; season with salt and black pepper. serve immediately or chill in refrigerator.
in a large bowl, mix together the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, pepper, salt, onion powder, garlic powder, and worcestershire sauce. form into 8 balls, and flatten into patties.
heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. fry the patties and onion in the oil until patties are nicely browned, about 4 minutes per side. remove the beef patties to a plate, and keep warm.
sprinkle flour over the onions and drippings in the skillet. stir in flour with a fork, scraping bits of beef off of the bottom as you stir. gradually mix in the beef broth and sherry. season with seasoned salt. simmer and stir over medium-low heat for about 5 minutes, until the gravy thickens. turn heat to low, return patties to the gravy, cover, and simmer for another 15 minutes.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c). lightly grease a medium baking dish.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. place fusilli pasta in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and dra"
heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. place chicken in the skillet, and season with minced onion, salt and pepper, garlic powder, basil, and parsley. cook until chicken juices run clear. mix in the cooked pasta, cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup, and mixed vegetables. transfer to the prepared baking dish.
in a small bowl, mix the bread crumbs, parmesan cheese, and butter. spread evenly over the casserole.
bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven until bubbly and lightly browned.
in a medium bowl, blend the taco seasoning mix and refried beans. spread the mixture onto a large serving platter.
mix the sour cream and cream cheese in a medium bowl. spread over the refried beans.
top the layers with salsa. place a layer of tomato, green bell pepper, green onions and lettuce over the salsa, and top with cheddar cheese. garnish with black olives.
cook macaroni according to the package directions.  dra"
in a saucepan, melt butter or margarine over medium heat.  stir in enough flour to make a roux.  add milk to roux slowly, stirring constantly.  stir in cheeses, and cook over low heat until cheese is melted and the sauce is a little thick.  put macaroni in large casserole dish, and pour sauce over macaroni.  stir well.
melt butter or margarine in a skillet over medium heat.  add breadcrumbs and brown.  spread over the macaroni and cheese to cover.  sprinkle with a little paprika.
bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 30 minutes. serve.
spray the crock of a slow cooker with cooking spray. spread hash browns to cover the bottom of the slow cooker crock.
whisk eggs, milk, mustard, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl.
heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. spread sausage over hash browns and spread cheddar cheese over sausage. pour egg mixture over cheese.
cook on low for 6 to 8 hours.
if grilling, preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil a sheet of aluminum foil. if baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c), and lightly oil a baking sheet.
in a medium bowl, mash black beans with a fork until thick and pasty.
in a food processor, finely chop bell pepper, onion, and garlic. then stir into mashed beans.
in a small bowl, stir together egg, chili powder, cumin, and chili sauce.
stir the egg mixture into the mashed beans. mix in bread crumbs until the mixture is sticky and holds together. divide mixture into four patties.
if grilling, place patties on foil, and grill about 8 minutes on each side. if baking, place patties on baking sheet, and bake about 10 minutes on each side.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. add egg noodles and oil, and boil for 8 minutes, or until tender. drain, and rinse under cool running water.
in a large saucepan or dutch oven, combine broth, salt, and poultry seasoning. bring to a boil. stir in celery and onion. reduce heat, cover, and simmer 15 minutes.
in a small bowl, mix cornstarch and water together until cornstarch is completely dissolved. gradually add to soup, stirring constantly. stir in noodles and chicken, and heat through.
preheat oven to 425°f. place strawberries, sugar, and salt in a glass baking dish. scrape in vanilla seeds, add pod, and stir to combine. roast, stirring occasionally, until juices are bubbling, 15–18 minutes. let cool slightly and discard pod.
whisk flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl. beat eggs, buttermilk, vanilla, and 3 tbsp melted butter in a medium bowl with a fork to incorporate eggs. add egg mixture to dry ingredients and whisk to combine. batter will be slightly lumpy.
heat a large griddle or 2 cast-iron or nonstick skillets over medium; brush with butter. drop batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto griddle. cook until bubbles form on the surface and pop, and the underside is golden brown, 2 1/2–3 minutes. flip and cook until lightly browned on the bottom, 2 1/2–3 minutes more. transfer pancakes to plates or a platter and brush tops with butter. repeat with remaining batter, brushing griddle with butter as needed.
serve pancakes topped with roasted strawberries and sprinkled with almonds, if desired.
mix garlic, lime juice, tequila, and agave nectar in a large bowl. add pineapple, tomato, onion, radishes, jalapeño, and halibut and toss to coat. fold in avocado, cilantro, and mint; season with salt.
chill 10 minutes before serving.
combine masa harina, flour, and salt in a bowl. stir water and egg into the masa mixture; add melted shortening and mix well to form dough.
gently knead dough until moist but retains shape; transfer to a bowl, cover bowl with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 1 hour.
divide chilled dough into 15 portions. roll 1 portion of dough into a ball, while keeping remaining dough covered to prevent it from drying. on a lightly floured work surface, pat ball into a 3-inch round. pinch along the edges of the round to make a ridge. repeat with remaining dough portions.
pour enough oil into a skillet to be about 1/2-inch deep; heat to 365 degrees f (185 degrees c). fry a couple shells in hot oil at a time until crisp, 1 to 2 minutes per side. remove sopes from oil using a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towel. add more oil as needed and reheat between batches.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. cook pasta in boiling water until tender yet firm to the bit, 8 to 10 minutes; dra"
heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. add onion and garlic; saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes. stir in the chicken and cook, stirring occasionally, until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 to 6 minutes.
reduce heat to medium-low; add artichoke hearts, tomato, feta cheese, parsley, lemon juice, oregano, and cooked pasta. cook and stir until heated through, about 2 to 3 minutes. remove from heat, season with salt and pepper, and garnish with lemon wedges.
in a small saucepan over medium heat, mix pineapple juice, brown sugar, and soy sauce. remove from heat just before the mixture comes to a boil.
place chicken tenders in a medium bowl. cover with the pineapple marinade, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
preheat grill for medium heat. thread chicken lengthwise onto wooden skewers.
lightly oil the grill grate. grill chicken tenders 5 minutes per side, or until juices run clear. they cook quickly, so watch them closely.
preheat an oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). prepare a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
beat the cream cheese with 1 cup of sugar and the vanilla extract in a bowl until smooth.
unroll the cans of crescent roll dough, and use a rolling pin to shape each piece into 9x13 inch rectangles. press one piece into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. evenly spread the cream cheese mixture into the baking dish, then cover with the remaining piece of crescent dough. stir together 3/4 cup of sugar, cinnamon, and butter. dot the mixture over the top of the cheesecake.
bake in the preheated oven until the crescent dough has puffed and turned golden brown, about 30 minutes. remove from the oven and drizzle with honey. cool completely in the pan before cutting into 12 squares.
in a large bowl, mix warm water, yeast, and 1/3 cup honey.  add 5 cups white bread flour, and stir to combine.  let set for 30 minutes, or until big and bubbly.
mix in 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1/3 cup honey, and salt.  stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour.  flour a flat surface and knead with whole wheat flour until not real sticky - just pulling away from the counter, but still sticky to touch.  this may take an additional 2 to 4 cups of whole wheat flour.  place in a greased bowl, turning once to coat the surface of the dough.  cover with a dishtowel.  let rise in a warm place until doubled.
punch down, and divide into 3 loaves.  place in greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans, and allow to rise until dough has topped the pans by one inch.
bake at 350 degrees f (175 degrees c) for 25 to 30 minutes; do not overbake.  lightly brush the tops of loaves with 2 tablespoons melted butter or margarine when done to prevent crust from getting hard.  cool completely
pound chicken breasts if they are too thick. place a cheese and ham slice on each breast within 1/2 inch of the edges. fold the edges of the chicken over the filling, and secure with toothpicks. mix the flour and paprika in a small bowl, and coat the chicken pieces.
heat the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat, and cook the chicken until browned on all sides. add the wine and bouillon. reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.
remove the toothpicks, and transfer the breasts to a warm platter. blend the cornstarch with the cream in a small bowl, and whisk slowly into the skillet. cook, stirring until thickened, and pour over the chicken. serve warm.
preheat oven to 450 degrees f (230 degrees c).
place eggplant on a medium baking sheet. bake 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until tender. remove from heat, cool, peel, and chop.
heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. mix in cumin seeds and onion. cook and stir until onion is tender.
mix ginger garlic paste, curry powder, and tomato into the saucepan, and cook about 1 minute. stir in yogurt. mix in eggplant and jalapeno pepper, and season with salt. cover, and cook 10 minutes over high heat. remove cover, reduce heat to low, and continue cooking about 5 minutes. garnish with cilantro to serve.
heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. stir in onion, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes.
mix rice into skillet, stirring often. when rice begins to brown, stir in chicken broth and salsa. reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 minutes, until liquid has been absorbed.
in a medium bowl, mash together the avocados, lime juice, and salt. mix in onion, cilantro, tomatoes, and garlic. stir in cayenne pepper. refrigerate 1 hour for best flavor, or serve immediately.
melt butter in a 2-quart saucepan over medium-low heat. stir in onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
in a separate saucepan, bring 2 cups chicken stock to a boil.
stir brown rice, curry powder, turmeric, thyme, and bay leaf into onion mixture. add chicken stock and bring to a boil. reduce heat, cover, and simmer until all liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, about 40 minutes.
cook cilantro in a medium pot of boiling salted water until wilted, about 20 seconds. drain and transfer cilantro to a bowl of ice water. swish around in water to cool. drain, then squeeze excess liquid from herbs with your hands.
purée cilantro, ginger, and 2 tbsp water in a blender until almost smooth. with motor running, gradually stream in oil and blend until smooth. strain cilantro oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl; discard any solids. mix lime juice into oil and season with salt.
cilantro oil (without lime juice and salt) can be made 1 day ahead. cover and chill. bring to room temperature before adding lime juice and salt.
process panko in a food processor until very finely ground (it will only take 45–60 seconds). transfer to a shallow bowl. place egg yolks in another shallow bowl and whisk in buttermilk. place cornstarch in a third shallow bowl. line a rimmed baking sheet with paper towels and set a wire rack inside.
working with 1 fillet at a time, season with kosher salt on both sides and dredge in cornstarch, shaking off excess. dip in egg mixture, letting excess drip back into bowl, then coat in panko, pressing to adhere before shaking off excess. repeat steps to make a second coating. place on a rimmed baking sheet. repeat with remaining fillets.
pour oil into a large heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, to come 1" up sides. heat oil over medium-high until an instant-read thermometer registers 350°f–365°f (don’t let the tip of the thermometer touch the bottom of the skillet). carefully lower a fillet along the side of skillet closest to you and let slide away from you into oil. carefully swirl oil in skillet and cook fish just until golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. using a fish spatula or slotted spoon, carefully turn fish over and cook until golden on the other side, about 2 minutes. transfer fish to wire rack in prepared baking sheet and season with sea salt while still hot. repeat with remaining fillets.
toss cucumbers, fennel, onion, chile, cilantro oil, and a pinch of kosher salt in a medium bowl and top with some cilantro.
serve fish with cucumber ceviche and lime wedges.
to make beer batter:  in a large bowl, combine flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt. blend egg and beer, then quickly stir into the flour mixture (don't worry about a few lumps).
to make white sauce:  in a medium bowl, mix together yogurt and mayonnaise. gradually stir in fresh lime juice until consistency is slightly runny. season with jalapeno, capers, oregano, cumin, dill, and cayenne.
heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c).
dust fish pieces lightly with flour. dip into beer batter, and fry until crisp and golden brown. drain on paper towels. lightly fry tortillas; not too crisp. to serve, place fried fish in a tortilla, and top with shredded cabbage, and white sauce.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). lightly grease a large baking dish.
in a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and saute the green onion until tender (about 3 to 4 minutes). add the garlic powder, then stir in the green chiles, cream of mushroom soup and sour cream. mix well. reserve 3/4 of this sauce and set aside. to the remaining 1/4 of the sauce in the saucepan, add the chicken and 1/2 cup of shredded cheddar cheese. stir together.
fill each flour tortilla with the chicken mixture and roll up. place seam side down in the prepared baking dish.
in a small bowl combine the reserved 3/4 of the sauce with the milk. spoon this mixture over the rolled tortillas and top with the remaining 1/2 cup of shredded cheddar cheese. bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until cheese is bubbly.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
in a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the cream cheese and salsa. cook, stirring until melted and well blended. stir in chicken and pinto beans. fill tortillas with the mixture, roll and place into the prepared baking dish. spread cheese over the top. cover with aluminum foil.
bake for 30 minutes, or until heated through. garnish with your favorite toppings such as lettuce and tomatoes, or sour cream.
whisk chicken broth, oyster sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, white sugar, and brown sugar together in a bowl until well blended.
heat large skillet over high heat. drizzle in oil. add chicken and stir fry until it loses its raw color, 2 to 3 minutes. stir in shallots, garlic, and sliced chilies. continue cooking on high heat until some of the juices start to caramelize in the bottom of the pan, about 2 or 3 more minutes. add about a tablespoon of the sauce mixture to the skillet; cook and stir until sauce begins to caramelize, about 1 minute.
pour in the rest of the sauce. cook and stir until sauce has deglazed the bottom of the pan. continue to cook until sauce glazes onto the meat, 1 or 2 more minutes. remove from heat.
stir in basil. cook and stir until basil is wilted, about 20 seconds. serve with rice.
pour the vegetable broth into a large pot. add the barley, carrots, celery, tomatoes, zucchini, garbanzo beans, onion, and bay leaves. season with garlic powder, sugar, salt, pepper, parsley, curry powder, paprika, and worcestershire sauce. bring to a boil, then cover and simmer over medium-low heat for 90 minutes. the soup will be very thick. you may adjust by adding more broth or less barley if desired. remove bay leaves before serving.
heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. add garlic, saute for 1 minute; then add chicken and cook for 7 to 8 minutes on each side. when chicken is close to being cooked through (no longer pink inside), add spinach and saute all together for 3 to 4 minutes.
meanwhile, prepare alfredo sauce according to package directions. when finished, stir in 2 tablespoons pesto; set aside.
in a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. rinse under cold water and dra"
add chicken/spinach mixture to pasta, then stir in pesto/alfredo sauce. mix well, top with cheese and serve.
combine yellow onion, white and light green parts of green onions, soy sauce, sugar, sesame seeds, garlic, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, ginger, and black pepper in a bowl until marinade is well mixed. add steak slices to marinade; cover and refrigerate, 1 hour to 1 day.
heat a skillet over medium heat. working in batches, cook and stir steak and marinade together in the hot skillet, adding honey to caramelize the steak, until steak is cooked through, about 5 minutes. garnish bulgogi with green parts of green onions.
in an old-fashioned glass over ice, combine raspberry vodka, strawberry vodka, and lemon-lime soda. float raspberry liqueur on top. garnish with a twist of orange zest.
pour pineapple juice into a blender and add banana, strawberries, and blueberries. cover and blend until smooth, about 1 minute. pour into 2 glasses.
heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat, and cook the onion, ginger, garlic, and fenugreek until onion is tender.
mix the lentils, squash, and cilantro into the pot. stir in the water, coconut milk, and tomato paste. season with curry powder, cayenne pepper, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 30 minutes, or until lentils and squash are tender.
preheat oven to 475 degrees f (245 degrees c).
in a large bowl, combine the squash, red bell peppers, sweet potato, and yukon gold potatoes. separate the red onion quarters into pieces, and add them to the mixture.
in a small bowl, stir together thyme, rosemary, olive oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper. toss with vegetables until they are coated. spread evenly on a large roasting pan.
roast for 35 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring every 10 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked through and browned.
heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. stir in the onion, and cook until tender. mix in ginger and garlic, and continue cooking 1 minute. mix potatoes, carrots, jalapeno, cashews, and tomato sauce. season with salt and curry powder. cook and stir 10 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
stir peas, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and cream into the skillet. reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 10 minutes. garnish with cilantro to serve.
mix first 6 ingredients and half of garlic in small bowl to blend. season to taste with salt. whisk remaining garlic, tahini, water, and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. season tahini dressing to taste with salt. place bread, cut side up, on work surface. spread red pepper mixture over both cut sides of bread. sprinkle cheese over bottom half of loaf. layer half of roast beef over cheese; drizzle with 1/3 of tahini dressing. layer remaining roast beef over dressing and drizzle with half of remaining dressing. top with spinach leaves; drizzle with remaining dressing. press top half of loaf onto spinach. cut sandwich lengthwise in half, then crosswise into quarters for a total of 8 sandwiches. wrap each sandwich tightly in plastic wrap. refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 1 day.
heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. place turkey in the pot, and cook until evenly brown. stir in onion, and cook until tender.
pour water into the pot. mix in tomatoes, kidney beans, and garlic. season chili powder, paprika, oregano, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper.  bring to a boil. reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 30 minutes.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c). grease a 9x13-inch pan with cooking spray.
arrange chicken pieces in the baking pan. sprinkle salt, pepper, paprika, garlic powder, and oregano over both sides.
roast in the preheated oven until chicken is browned and the juices run clear, about 1 hour. an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees f (74 degrees c).
in a large bowl, thoroughly mix kiwis, golden delicious apples, raspberries, strawberries, white sugar, brown sugar and fruit preserves. cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 15 minutes.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
coat one side of each flour tortilla with butter flavored cooking spray. cut into wedges and arrange in a single layer on a large baking sheet. sprinkle wedges with desired amount of cinnamon sugar. spray again with cooking spray.
bake in the preheated oven 8 to 10 minutes. repeat with any remaining tortilla wedges. allow to cool approximately 15 minutes. serve with chilled fruit mixture.
spread refried beans in the bottom of a (1-quart) shallow edged serving dish (you can use a transparent dish if you'd like). sprinkle the seasoning packet over the beans. layer the diced tomatoes over the beans, the sour cream over the tomatoes, and the guacamole over the sour cream. sprinkle the entire layered dip with cheddar cheese, followed by green onion and finishing it off with a layer of black olives. cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.
in a blender combine strawberries, milk, yogurt, sugar and vanilla. toss in the ice. blend until smooth and creamy. pour into glasses and serve.
preheat the oven to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c).
melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. add garlic and onion; cook for a few minutes until fragrant, but not brown. stir in spinach, and cook for about 5 more minutes. remove from the heat, and mix in ricotta cheese, sour cream, and 1 cup of monterey jack cheese.
in a skillet over medium heat, warm tortillas one at a time until flexible, about 15 seconds. spoon about 1/4 cup of the spinach mixture onto the center of each tortilla. roll up, and place seam side down in a 9x13 inch baking dish. pour enchilada sauce over the top, and sprinkle with the remaining cup of monterey jack.
bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until sauce is bubbling and cheese is lightly browned at the edges.
toss chicken with curry powder, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl.
heat 2 tbsp oil in a large skillet (at least 12" in diameter) over medium-high. add onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes.
purée coconut milk, ginger, and garlic in a blender until very smooth.
add chicken and coconut milk mixture to skillet and cook, tossing occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and sauce has thickened, 7-10 minutes.
meanwhile, if using, heat 2 tsp oil in a small skillet over medium. add cashews and mustard seeds and cook, stirring, until fragrant and lightly browned, 2–3 minutes. immediately transfer mixture including the oil to a small bowl.
fold spinach into chicken mixture and cook until wilted, about 1 minute. divide among 4 bowls. top with cilantro and cashew mixture, if using. serve with rice or naan alongside.
place the tomatoes, onion, garlic, lime juice, salt, green chiles, and cilantro in a blender or food processor. blend on low to desired consistency.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c).
in a bowl, mix the mayonnaise, parmesan cheese, and garlic powder. place bread crumbs in a separate bowl. dip chicken into the mayonnaise mixture, then into the bread crumbs to coat. arrange coated chicken on a baking sheet.
bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until chicken juices run clear and coating is golden brown.
in a large pot over medium heat, melt butter.  cook onion and celery in butter until just tender, 5 minutes.  pour in chicken and vegetable broths and stir in chicken, noodles, carrots, basil, oregano, salt and pepper.  bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes before serving.
place potatoes and water in a microwave safe bowl.  cook potatoes in microwave on high until just tender, about 15 minutes, stirring half-way through.  drain potatoes and allow to steam for a few minutes to dry.
in a large bowl, stir together mayonnaise, wine, rosemary, and garlic powder.  mix in drained potatoes and toss to coat.   marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour.
preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.
remove potatoes from marinade, and skewer.  grill, covered, for 6 to 8 minutes, brushing occasionally with marinade, turning half-way through.  remove potatoes from skewers and serve hot.
preheat an oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c).
place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with the olive oil. toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. arrange the asparagus onto a baking sheet in a single layer.
bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness. sprinkle with lemon juice just before serving.
line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, and lightly grease with cooking spray. place the flour, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, and salt into a resealable plastic bag, and shake to mix. add the chicken wings, seal, and toss until well coated with the flour mixture. place the wings onto the prepared baking sheet, and place into the refrigerator. refrigerate at least 1 hour.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
whisk together the melted butter and hot sauce in a small bowl. dip the wings into the butter mixture, and place back on the baking sheet. bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is no longer pink in the center, and crispy on the outside, about 45 minutes. turn the wings over halfway during cooking so they cook evenly.
rub 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over chicken breast. in a medium saucepan over medium heat, cook chicken approximately 5 minutes per side, until meat is no longer pink and juices run clear. remove from heat and set aside.
heat remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. stir in green onion and red pepper. cook and stir 5 minutes, until tender.
dice chicken and mix into the pan with onion and red pepper. mix in corn, black beans, spinach, jalapeno peppers, parsley, cumin, chili powder, salt and cayenne pepper. cook and stir 5 minutes, until well blended and tender. remove from heat and stir in monterey jack cheese so that it melts.
wrap tortillas with a clean, lightly moist cloth. microwave on high approximately 1 minute, or until hot and pliable.
spoon even amounts of the mixture into each tortilla. fold ends of tortillas, then roll tightly around mixture. secure with toothpicks. arrange in a medium dish, cover with plastic, and place in the freezer. freeze at least 4 hours.
in a large, deep skillet, heat oil for deep frying to 375 degrees f (190 degrees c). deep fry frozen, stuffed tortillas 10 minutes each, or until dark golden brown. drain on paper towels before serving.
preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
stir chile-garlic sauce and honey together in a small bowl.
thread shrimp onto soaked bamboo skewers, piercing through the head and tail ends.
cook the skewers on the preheated grill, frequently turning and basting with the sauce mixture, until shrimp are firm and pink on all sides, about 10 minutes.
combine the potatoes, celery, onion, ham and water in a stockpot. bring to a boil, then cook over medium heat until potatoes are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. stir in the chicken bouillon, salt and pepper.
in a separate saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat. whisk in flour with a fork, and cook, stirring constantly until thick, about 1 minute. slowly stir in milk as not to allow lumps to form until all of the milk has been added. continue stirring over medium-low heat until thick, 4 to 5 minutes.
stir the milk mixture into the stockpot, and cook soup until heated through. serve immediately.
fill a large bowl ⅔ of the way with hot tap water and set it by the stove. in a small saucepan, combine the sugar and ¼ cup water. stir to thoroughly moisten the sugar, then set it over medium-low heat. cook until the mixture boils vigorously, then turns a dark black caramel color, 12-15 minutes. remove from heat and immediately and carefully dip the bottom of the pan in the hot water bath to stop the cooking process. return the pan to the stove, add an additional ½ cup of water to the caramel mixture, and return to medium heat, stirring until the caramel dissolves in the water. once the caramel mixture is thoroughly combined, turn off the heat and set aside to cool.
in a large pan or wok, heat the oil over medium heat until it shimmers. add the shallots and chilis and cook, stirring constantly, until very fragrant, about 2 minutes. use a slotted spoon to remove the aromatics from the oil and transfer to a medium bowl.
increase the heat to medium-high, then add the pork belly pieces in a single layer, without crowding the pan.  sear on all sides to lightly brown, 12-15 minutes. transfer the meat to the medium bowl and pour off and discard any excess oil and fat from the pan. return the meat and aromatics to the pan, then add the fish sauce, 2 tablespoons of caramel sauce, and the coco rico soda, saving the remaining caramel sauce for another use. stir well and bring to a boil over high heat. once the mixture boils, lower the heat to maintain a simmer, partially cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and the juices are slightly thickened, about 2 hours.
when the meat is very tender, remove the pan from the from heat and add the peeled soft-boiled eggs, stirring gently to coat each egg with the sauce. rest for 10 minutes to lightly stain the eggs, garnish with scallions, and serve with steamed white rice.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). lightly grease a 5x9 inch loaf pan.
press the brown sugar in the bottom of the prepared loaf pan and spread the ketchup over the sugar.
in a mixing bowl, mix thoroughly all remaining ingredients and shape into a loaf. place on top of the ketchup.
bake in preheated oven for 1 hour or until juices are clear.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c).
heat olive oil and garlic in a small saucepan over low heat until warmed, 1 to 2 minutes. transfer garlic and oil to a shallow bowl.
combine bread crumbs and parmesan cheese in a separate shallow bowl.
dip chicken breasts in the olive oil-garlic mixture using tongs; transfer to bread crumb mixture and turn to evenly coat. transfer coated chicken to a shallow baking dish.
bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink and juices run clear, 30 to 35 minutes. an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees f (74 degrees c).
in a medium bowl, combine tomato, onion, jalapeno pepper (to taste,) cilantro and green onion. season with garlic powder, salt and pepper. stir until evenly distributed. refrigerate for 30 minutes.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
dip eggplant slices in egg, then in bread crumbs.  place in a single layer on a baking sheet.  bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes on each side.
in a 9x13 inch baking dish spread spaghetti sauce to cover the bottom.  place a layer of eggplant slices in the sauce.  sprinkle with mozzarella and parmesan cheeses.  repeat with remaining ingredients, ending with the cheeses.  sprinkle basil on top.
bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until golden brown.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
in a large bowl, mix together the cake and pudding mixes, sour cream, oil, beaten eggs and water.  stir in the chocolate chips and pour batter into a well greased 12 cup bundt pan.
bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until top is springy to the touch and a wooden toothpick inserted comes out clean. cool cake thoroughly in pan at least an hour and a half before inverting onto a plate  if desired, dust the cake with powdered sugar.
cut the beef into strips that are approximately 1-inch wide and the same length or close to the length of the bacon strip, about 1/8-inch thick.
make the beef bacon rolls by laying a strip of bacon on a strip of beef and rolling the two meats together so that the beef is on the outside when you finish rolling. insert a toothpick so that it goes in on the bottom left side and comes out the top right side when looked at vertically.
in large skillet, saute onions in butter until tender, about 5 minutes. lay a single layer of beef bacon rolls in the skillet. brown them on medium heat, turning once or twice, about 5 minutes. cover the skillet and simmer for about 2 hours.
preheat oven to 325 degrees f (165 degrees c).
in a small mixing bowl, combine onion flakes, mustard, poppy seeds and margarine.
split each dinner roll. make a sandwich of the ham and cheese and the dinner rolls. arrange the sandwiches on a baking sheet. drizzle the poppy seed mixture over the sandwiches.
bake for 20 minutes, or until cheese has melted. serve these sandwiches warm.
heat peanut oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. sprinkle oxtails with salt and pepper. add oxtails to pot and brown on all sides, about 20 minutes. transfer oxtails to large bowl. add onions and next 6 ingredients to same pot. sauté until vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. return oxtails to pot. add 12 cups water, beef broth and 3 tablespoons fish sauce. cover and simmer gently until oxtails are very tender, about 3 hours.
using tongs, transfer oxtails to large bowl. strain broth into another large pot; discard solids. remove meat from oxtails; discard bones. add meat to broth.
refrigerate overnight. spoon solid fat off top of soup. cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until tender. drain; rinse under cold water. return to same pot. toss noodles with sesame oil.
bring soup to boil. divide noodles, sprouts and next 6 ingredients among 6 bowls. ladle soup into bowls. serve with lime wedges and additional fish sauce.
*available at asian markets and some supermarkets nationwide.
heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. cook beef in the hot oil until browned, about 2 minutes per side.
transfer beef to a slow cooker. cover with artichoke hearts, onion, and garlic. pour in beef broth, tomato sauce, and diced tomatoes. stir in olives, oregano, parsley, basil, cumin, bay leaf.
cook on low until beef is tender, about 7 hours.
heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. cook the carrots and onion in the hot oil about 5 minutes. stir in the salt, pepper, cumin, turmeric, and cabbage and cook another 15 to 20 minutes. add the potatoes; cover. reduce heat to medium-low and cook until potatoes are soft, 20 to 30 minutes.
peel and mash avocados in a medium serving bowl. stir in onion, garlic, tomato, lime juice, salt and pepper.  season with remaining lime juice and salt and pepper to taste. chill for half an hour to blend flavors.
heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and add rice.  cook, stirring constantly, until puffed and golden.  while rice is cooking, sprinkle with salt and cum"
stir in onions and cook until tender.  stir in tomato sauce and chicken broth; bring to a boil.  reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes.  fluff with a fork.
mix together flour, paprika, cayenne pepper, and salt in a small bowl. place chicken wings in a large dish and sprinkle flour mixture over them until well coated. place on baking sheet and refrigerate for 1 hour, uncovered.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (204 degrees c).
bake wings in preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and juices run clear, about 15 minutes per side.
combine butter, hot sauce, pepper, and garlic in a small saucepan over low heat. cook and stir until butter is melted and mixture is well blended, about 3 minutes. place chicken wings in serving bowl and add hot sauce mixture, mixing well.
mix together: chili powder, salt, cumin, garlic cilantro and pepper.  coat pork cubes with mixture and let sit for 45 minutes in refrigerator.
preheat oven to 225 degrees f (107 degrees c).
bake 2 hours, or until crispy.
preheat grill for medium-high heat.
in a large resealable plastic bag, combine the onion powder, garlic powder, chipotle chile powder, salt, and brown sugar. place tenderloins in bag and shake, coating meat evenly. refrigerate for 10 to 15 minutes.
lightly oil grill grate, and arrange meat on grate. cook for 20 minutes, turning meat every 5 minutes. remove from grill, let stand for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c.) combine the flour, baking soda, and salt; set aside.
in a medium bowl, cream the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until smooth. beat in the egg and vanilla until light and fluffy. gradually blend in the flour mixture, then mix in the coconut. drop dough by teaspoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet. cookies should be about 3 inches apart.
bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly toasted. cool on wire racks.
place meat in slow cooker. in a small bowl mix together the flour, salt, and pepper; pour over meat, and stir to coat meat with flour mixture. stir in the garlic, bay leaf, paprika, worcestershire sauce, onion, beef broth, potatoes, carrots, and celery.
cover, and cook on low setting for 10 to 12 hours, or on high setting for 4 to 6 hours.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. add linguini pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; dra"
meanwhile, place chicken and cajun seasoning in a bowl, and toss to coat.
in a large skillet over medium heat, saute chicken in butter until no longer pink and juices run clear, about 5 to 7 minutes. add green and red bell peppers, sliced mushrooms and green onions; cook for 2 to 3 minutes. reduce heat, and stir in heavy cream. season the sauce with basil, lemon pepper, salt, garlic powder and ground black pepper, and heat through.
in a large bowl, toss linguini with sauce. sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese.
blend mayonnaise, bell peppers, capers, lemon juice, and salt in a blender, scraping down sides if needed, until smooth. transfer to a small bowl.
mix breadcrumbs, pepper, and 1/2 cup red pepper mayo in a large bowl. gently fold in flaked salmon. divide mixture into 4 patties about 1/2" thick and 4" wide.
heat 1 tbsp oil in a large nonstick or cast-iron skillet over medium-high until shimmering. working in batches, cook buns, cut side down, until golden brown and toasted, about 2 minutes. divide among plates.
heat remaining 1 tbsp oil in same skillet. cook salmon patties until golden brown and heated through, 2–3 minutes per side. transfer burgers to bun bottoms. spread about 2 tsp red pepper mayo over burgers. arrange bell pepper strips over, then top with bun to close.
red pepper mayo can be made 5 days ahead. store in a resealable container and chill. burger patties can be formed 1 day ahead. cover and chill.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c).
in a medium baking pan, toss together the zucchini, potatoes, red bell pepper, garlic, bread crumbs, and olive oil. season with paprika, salt, and pepper.
bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender and lightly brown.
place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
select light crust or basic setting, and press start.
preheat oven to 425 degrees f (220 degrees c).
heat garlic bread with spread side up on a baking sheet in the preheated oven until warm and golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. set aside to cool.
reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c).
bring spaghetti sauce to a boil in a large pot. place frozen meatballs into sauce. reduce heat to low and simmer until meatballs are heated through, about 20 minutes.
tear garlic bread into bite-size pieces and spread into bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. pour spaghetti sauce and meatballs over garlic bread, coating bread with sauce and distributing meatballs evenly. spread mozzarella cheese over top in a layer, followed by a layer of parmesan cheese.
bake casserole until cheese has melted, 20 to 25 minutes.
preheat oven to 400 degrees f (200 degrees c). lightly grease a 12 cup muffin pan.
in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover, boil squash 20 minutes, or until tender. remove from heat, drain, and puree in a food processor.
in a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, white sugar, salt and pumpkin pie spice.
in a medium bowl, thoroughly mix together milk, egg and butter. stir in squash. fold the squash mixture into the flour mixture just until moistened.
spoon the batter into the prepared muffin pan, filling cups about 1/2 full. bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean. remove from muffin pan and cool on a wire rack.
grease the inside of a slow cooker.
place apple pieces in the prepared slow cooker. sprinkle brown sugar over apples and top with butter slices.
beat eggs, milk, vanilla extract, and allspice together in a bowl with a whisk until smooth; add raisins. mix bread pieces into egg mixture until bread is saturated. pour bread-egg mixture into the slow cooker.
cook on high for 2 hours.
in a small bowl, mix together chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, red pepper flakes, oregano, paprika, cumin, salt and pepper. store in an airtight container.
place breadcrumbs in a large, resealable plastic bag.  add chicken, seal bag, and shake to coat chicken with breadcrumbs.
heat oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat.  add chicken.  cook 3 minutes on each side, or until browned.  add wine, savory, salt, and mushrooms to the chicken.   cover, and reduce heat.   simmer for 15 minutes, or until chicken is done.  remove chicken and mushrooms with slotted spoon, and place on serving plate.
add lemon juice and mustard to skillet, and stir well.  heat through.  serve sauce with chicken.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease a baking sheet.
mash black beans in a bowl; add onion, garlic, carrots, and green bell pepper. mix.
whisk cornstarch, water, chile-garlic sauce, chili powder, cumin, seafood seasoning, salt, and black pepper together in a separate small bowl. stir cornstarch mixture into black bean mixture.
mix whole-wheat bread into bean mixture. stir flour, 1/4 cup at a time, into bean mixture until a sticky batter forms.
spoon 'burger-sized' mounds of batter onto the prepared baking sheet, about a 3/4-inch thickness per mound. shape into burgers.
bake in the preheated oven until cooked in the center and crisp in the outside, about 10 minutes on each side.
rinse chicken thighs and pat dry with paper towels. heat oil in the pot of an electric pressure cooker (such as instant pot(r)) on "saute" mode; add chicken. cook until browned, about 6 minutes per side. transfer chicken to a plate, reserving drippings in the pot.
place celery, onion, and mushrooms in the pot; cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes. add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. place chicken back in the pot; add tomatoes and tomato paste. sprinkle with herbes de provence. top with water and bouillon.
close and lock the lid. select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. cook for 11 minutes.
release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. unlock and remove lid carefully, turning it away from you. test chicken for doneness; an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees f (74 degrees c). season the chicken to taste with red pepper flakes and black pepper.
preheat oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
in a large bowl, mix together mashed sweet potatoes, 1/2 cup butter, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs. spread sweet potato mixture into the prepared baking dish. in a small bowl, mix together brown sugar and flour. cut in 1/3 cup butter until mixture is crumbly, then stir in pecans. sprinkle pecan mixture over the sweet potatoes.
bake for 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil. add pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. drain, and set aside.
warm 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. stir in chicken, and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. cook until chicken is cooked through and browned, about 5 minutes. remove chicken to paper towels.
pour chicken broth into the skillet. then stir in asparagus, garlic, and a pinch more garlic powder, salt, and pepper. cover, and steam until the asparagus is just tender, about 5 to 10 minutes. return chicken to the skillet, and warm through.
stir chicken mixture into pasta, and mix well. let sit about 5 minutes. drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, stir again, then sprinkle with parmesan cheese.
